EVIDENCE 
AN ORDINANCE TO CONSOLIDATE, DEFINE, AND AMEND THE LAW OF 
EVIDENCE. 
Ordinance Nos, 
14 of 1895 
15 of 1904 
16 of 1925 
25 of 1927 
18 of 1928 
1 of 1946 
Act Nos, 
3 of 1961 
10 of 1988 
14 of 1995 
33 of 1998 
32 of 1999 
29 of 2005 
6 of 2021 
PART I 
RELEV ANCY OF FACTS 
CHAPTER I 
PRELIMINARY 
Short title 1. 
Extent 2. 
This Ordinance may be cited as the Evidence Ordinance. 
(1)This Ordinance shall apply to all judicial proceedings 
in or before any court other than courts martial, but not to 
proceedings before an arbitrator 

Repeal   (2) All rules of evidence not contained in any written law 
so far as such rules are inconsistent with any of the 
provisions of this Ordinance, are hereby repealed. 
Interpretation. 3. In this Ordinance the following words and expressions are 
used in the following senses, unless a contrary intention 
appears from the context :- 
'court' includes all Judges and Magistrates, and all  
persons, except arbitrators, legally authorized to take 
evidence. 
'Fact' means and includes - 
(a)any thing, state of things, or relation of things 
capable of being perceived by the senses ; 
(b)any mental condition of which any person is 
conscious ; 
Illustrations 
(a)That there are certain objects arranged in a certain 
order in a certain place is a fact. 
(b)That a man heard or saw something is a fact. 
(c)That a man said certain words is a fact. 
(d)That a man holds a certain opinion, has a certain 
intention, acts in good faith, or fraudulently, or uses a 
particular word, or is or was at a specified time 
conscious of a particular sensation, is a fact. 
(e)That a man has a certain reputation is a fact. 
Relevant One fact is said to be relevant to another when the one is 
connected with the other in any of the ways referred to in 
the provisions of this Ordinance relating to the relevancy of 
facts. 
'Facts in 
issue' 
means and includes- 
any facts from which, either by itself or in connection 
with other facts, the existence, non-existence, nature 
or extent of any right, liability, or disability, asserted or 
denied in any suit or proceeding, necessarily follows. 
Explanation 

- Whenever, under the provisions of the law for the 
time being in force relating to Civil Procedure, any court 
records an issue of fact to be asserted or denied, in the 
answer to such issue, is a fact in issue. 
Illustrations 
A is accused of the murder of B. At his trial the 
following facts may be in issue:- 
That A caused B's death 
That A intended to cause B's death 
That A had received grave and sudden provocation from 
B. 
That A, at the time of doing the act which caused B's 
death, was by reason of unsoundness of mind, 
incapable of knowing its nature. 
Document 'Document' means any matter expressed or described upon  
any substance by means of letters, figures, or marks or by 
more than one of those means, intended to be used, or 
which may be used, for the purpose of recording that 
matter. 
Illustration 
A writing is a document Words printed, lithographed, 
or photographed are documents. A map or plan is a 
document. An inscription on a metal plate or stone is a 
document. A caricature is a document. 
Evidence  'Evidence' means and includes - 
(a)all statements which the court permits or requires 
to be made before it by witnesses in relation to matters 
of fact under inquiry: such statements are called oral 
evidence: 
(b)all documents produced for the inspection of the 
court; such documents are called documentary evidence. 
Proved  A fact is said to be proved when, after considering the 
matters before it, the court either believes it to exist or 
considers its existence so probable that a prudent man 
might, under the circumstances of the particular case, to act 

upon the supposition that it exists. 
Disproved A fact is said to be disproved when, after considering the 
matters before it, the court either believes that it does not 
exist, or considers its non-existence so probable that a  
prudent man might, under the circumstances of the 
particular case, to act upon the supposition that it does not 
exist. 
Not 
Proved. 
A fact is said not to be proved when it is neither proved nor 
disproved. 
May presume. 4. 
Shall 
presume. 
Conclusive 
proof. 
(1)Whenever it is provided, by this Ordinance that 
the court may presume a fact, it may either regard 
such fact as proved, unless and until it is 
disproved, or may call for proof of it. 
(2)Whenever it is directed by this Ordinance that the 
court shall presume a fact, it shall regard such fact as 
proved unless and until it is disproved. 
(3)When one fact is declared by this Ordinance to be 
conclusive proof of another, the court shall on 
proof of the one fact regard the other as proved, 
and shall not allow evidence to be given for the 
purpose of disproving it. 
CHAPTER II 
OF THE RELEV ANCY OF FACTS 
Evidence may be 5. 
given of facts in 
issue and relevant 
facts. 
Evidence may be given in any suit or proceeding of the 
existence or non-existence of every fact in issue, and of 
such other facts as are hereinafter declared to be relevant 
and of no others. 
Explanation 
-This section shall not enable any person to give evidence 
of a fact which he is disentitled to prove by any provision of 
the law for the time  being in force relating to Civil 
Procedure. 

Illustrations 
(a)A is tried for the murder of B by beating him with a club 
with the intention of causing his death. 
At A's trial the following facts are in issue:- 
A's beating B with the club; 
A's causing B's death by such beating; 
A's intention to cause B's death. 
(b)A, is a party to a suit, does not comply with a notice given 
by B. The other party, to produce for B's inspection a 
document referred to in A's pleadings. This section does not 
enable A to put such document in evidence on his behalf in 
such suit, otherwise than in accordance with the conditions 
prescribed by section 104 of the Civil Procedure Code. 
Relevancy of facts 6. 
forming part of 
same transaction. 
[2, 6 of 2021] 
Facts which though not in issue are so connected with a fact 
in issue as to form part of the same transaction are relevant, 
whether they occurred at the same time and place or at 
different times and places. 
Illustrations 
(a)A is accused of the murder of B by beating him. 
Whatever was said or done by A or B or the bystanders 
at the beating, or so shortly before or after it as to form 
part of the transaction is a relevant fact. 
(b)A is accused of waging war against the Republic 
by taking part in an armed insurrection in which  
property is destroyed, troops are attacked, and jails are 
broken open. The occurrence of these facts is relevant as 
forming part of the general transaction, though A may 
not have been present at all of them. 
(c)A sues P for a libel contained in a letter forming 
part of a correspondence. Letters between the parties 
relating to the subject out of which the libel arose and 
forming part of the correspondence in which it is 
contained are relevant facts, though they do not 
contain the libel itself. 
(d)The question is, whether certain goods ordered from 
B were delivered to A. The goods were delivered  to  
several  intermediate  persons  successively. Each 

delivery is a relevant fact. 
Facts which are the 7. 
occasion, cause, or 
effect of facts in 
issue. 
Facts which are the occasion, cause, or effect, immediate or 
otherwise, of relevant facts, or facts in issue, or which 
constitute the state of things under which they happened, or 
which afforded an opportunity for their occurrence or 
transaction, are relevant. 
Illustrations 
(a)The question is, whether A robbed B. The facts that 
shortly before the robbery B went to a fair with money 
in his possession, and that he showed it, or mentioned  
the fact that he had it, to third persons, are relevant. 
(b)The question is whether A murdered B. Marks on the 
ground, produced by a struggle at or near the place 
where the murder was committed, are relevant facts; 
(c)The question is whether A poisoned B. The state of 
B's health before the symptoms ascribed to poison, and 
habits of B, known to A, which afforded an 
opportunity for the administration of poison, are relevant 
facts. 
Motive, or 8. 
preparation. 
(1)Any fact is relevant, which shows or constitutes a motive 
or preparation for any fact in issue or relevant fact. 
Previous or subsequent conduct. 
(2)The conduct of any party, or of any agent to any party, 
to any suit or proceeding in reference to such suit or 
proceeding or in reference to any fact in issue therein or 
relevant thereto, and the conduct of any person an offence 
against whom is the subject of any proceeding, is 
relevant, if such conduct influences or is influenced by any 
fact in issue or relevant fact, and whether it was previous or 
subsequent therein. 
Explanation 1 
- The word 'conduct' in this section does not include 
statements, unless those statements accompany and explain 
acts other than statements, but this explanation is not to effect 
the relevancy of statements under any other section of this 
Ordinance. 

Explanation 2 
- When the conduct of any person is relevant, any statement 
made to him or in his presence and hearing, which effects 
such conduct, is relevant. 
Illustrations 
(a)A is tried for the murder of B. The facts that A, murdered 
C, that B knew that A had murdered C, and that B had tried to 
extort money from A by threatening to make his knowledge 
public, are relevant. 
(b)A sues B upon an instrument for the payment of money. B 
denies the making of the instrument. The fact that at the time 
when the instrument was alleged to be made B required 
money for a particular purpose is relevant. 
(c)A is tried for the murder of B by Police. The fact that 
before the death of B, A procured poison similar to that which 
was administered to B, is relevant. 
(d)The question is, whether a certain document is the will 
of A. The facts that not long before the date of the alleged  
will A made inquiry into matters to which the provisions of 
the alleged will relate, that he consulted proctors in 
reference to making the will, and that he caused drafts of 
other wills to be prepared, of which he did not approve, are 
relevant. 
(e)A is accused of a crime. The facts that either before or at 
the time of, or after the alleged crime, A provided evidence 
which would tend to give to the facts of the case an 
appearance favorable to himself, or that he destroyed or 
concealed evidence, or prevented the presence or procured  
the absence of persons who might have been witnesses, or 
suborned persons to give false evidence respecting it, are 
relevant. 
(f)The question is, whether A robbed B. The facts that after B 
was robbed C said in A's presence, 'the police are coming to 
look for the man who robbed B', and that immediately 
afterwards A ran away, are relevant. 
(g)The question is, whether A owes B Rs: 10,000. The 

facts that A asked C to lend him money, and that D said to 
C in A's presence and hearing, 'I advise you not to trust A, 
for he owes B 10,000 rupees' and that A went away without 
any answer, are relevant facts. 
(h)The question is whether A committed a crime. The fact 
that A absconded after receiving a letter warning him that 
inquiry was being made for the criminal, and the contents 
of the letter, are relevant. 
(i)A is accused of a crime. The facts that after the 
commission of the alleged crime he absconded, or was in 
possession of property or the proceeds of property acquired 
by the crime, or attempted to conceal things which were or 
might have been used in committing it, are relevant. 
(j)The question is, whether A was ravished. 
The fact that shortly after the alleged rape she made a 
complaint relating to the crime, the circumstances under 
which and the terms in which the complaint was made, are 
relevant. The fact that, without making a complaint, she 
said that she had been ravished, is not relevant as conduct 
under this section, though it may be relevant as a dying 
declaration, under section 32, subsection (1), or as 
corroborative evidence under section 157. 
(k)The question is whether A was robbed. 
The fact that soon after the alleged robbery he made a 
complaint, relating to the offence, the circumstances under 
which and the terms in which the complaint was made, are 
relevant. The fact that he said he had been robbed, without 
making any complaint, is not relevant as conduct under this 
section though it may be relevant as a dying declaration under 
section 32, subsection (1), or as corroborative evidence 
under section 157. 
Facts necessary to  9. 
explain or 
introduce relevant 
facts. 
Facts necessary to explain or introduce a fact in issue or 
relevant fact, or which support or rebut an inference  
suggested by a fact in issue or relevant fact, or which  
establish the identity of anything or person whose identity 
is relevant, or fix the time or place at which any fact in 

issue or relevant fact happened, or which show the relation 
of parties by whom any such fact was transacted, are 
relevant in so far as they are necessary for that purpose. 
Illustrations 
(a)The question is, whether a given document is the  
will of A. The state of A's property and of his family at 
the date of the alleged will may be relevant facts. 
(b)A sues B for a libel imputing disgraceful conduct to 
A. B affirms that the matter alleged to be libelous is true. 
The position and relation of the parties at the time when 
the libel was published may be relevant facts as 
introductory to the facts in issue. The particulars of a 
dispute between A and B about a matter unconnected 
with the alleged libel are irrelevant, though the fact 
that there was a dispute may be relevant if it affected 
the relations between A and B. 
(c)A is accused of a crime. The fact that soon after the 
commission of the crime A absconded from his house, 
is relevant, under section 8, as conduct subsequent to  
and affected by facts in issue. The fact that at the time 
when he left home he had sudden and urgent business 
at the place to which he went, is relevant, as tending to 
explain the fact that he left home suddenly. The details 
of the business on which he left are not relevant, 
except in so far as they are necessary to show that the 
business was sudden and urgent. 
(d)A sues B for inducing C to break a contract of 
service made by him with A. C, on leaving A's service, 
says to A, 'I am leaving you because B has made me a 
better offer'. This statement is a relevant fact as 
explanatory of C's conduct, which is relevant as a fact 
in issue. 
(e)A, accused of theft, is seen to give the stolen 
property to B, who is seen to give it to A's wife. B 
says, as he delivers it, 'A says you are to hide this'. B's 
statement is relevant, as explanatory of a fact which is 
part of the transaction. 
(f)A is tried for a riot, and is proved to have marched 

at the head of a mob. The cries of the mob are relevant 
as explanatory of the nature of the transaction. 
Things said or 
done by 
conspirator in 
reference to 
common intention. 
[3, 6 of 2021] 
When facts not 
otherwise relevant 
are relevant. 
10. 
11. 
Where there is reasonable ground to believe that two or  
more persons have conspired together to commit an 
offence or an actionable wrong, anything said, done, or 
written by any one of such persons in reference to their 
common intention, after the time when such intention was 
first entertained by any one of them, is a relevant fact as 
against each of the persons believed to be so conspiring, as 
well for the purpose of proving the existence of the 
conspiracy as for the purpose of showing that any such 
person was a party to it. 
Illustrations 
Reasonable ground exists for believing that 'A' has joined 
in a conspiracy to wage war against the Republic. 
The facts that B procured arms in Europe for the purpose 
of the conspiracy, C collected money in Colombo for a 
like object, D persuaded persons to join the conspiracy in 
Kandy, E published writings advocating the object in view at 
Galle, and F transmitted from Kalutara to G at Negombo 
the money which C had collected at Colombo,  and the 
contents of a letter written by H giving an account of the 
conspiracy, are each relevant, both to prove the existence of 
the conspiracy and to prove A's complicity in it, although he 
may have been ignorant of all of them, and although the 
persons by whom they were done were strangers to him, and 
although they may have taken place before he joined the 
conspiracy or after he left it. 
Facts not otherwise relevant are relevant- 
(a)if they are inconsistent with any fact in issue or 
relevant fact; 
(b)if by themselves or in connection with other facts 
they make the existence or non-existence of any fact 
in issue or relevant fact highly probable or 
improbable. 
Illustrations 

(a)The question is, whether A committed a crime at 
Colombo on a certain day. The fact that on that day A was at 
Galle is relevant. The fact that near the time when the crime 
was committed A was at a distance from the place where it 
was committed, which would render it highly improbable, 
though not impossible, that he committed it, is relevant. 
(b)The question is, whether A committed a crime. The 
circumstances are such that the crime must have been 
committed either by A, B, C, or D. Every fact which 
shows that the crime could have been committed by no 
one else, and that it was not committed by either B, C, or 
D. is relevant. 
In suits for 
damages facts 
tending to enable 
Court to determine 
amount are 
relevant. 
Facts relevant 
when right or 
custom is in 
question. 
Facts showing 
12. 
13. 
14. 
In suits in which damages are claimed, any fact which will 
enable the court to determine the amount of damages 
which ought to be awarded is relevant. 
Where the question is as to the existence of any right or 
custom the following facts are relevant:- 
(a)any transaction by which the right or custom in 
question was created, claimed, modified, recognized, 
asserted, or denied, or which was inconsistent with its 
existence. 
(b)Particular instances in which the right or custom 
was claimed, recognized, or exercised, or in which its 
exercise was disputed, asserted, or departed from. 
Illustration 
The question is, whether, A has a right to a fishery. A deed 
conferring the fishery on A's ancestors, a mortgage of the 
fishery by A's father, a subsequent grant of the fishery by A's 
father irreconcilable with the mortgage, particular instances 
in which A's father exercised the right, or in which the 
exercise of the right was stopped by A's neighbours, are 
relevant facts. 
Facts showing the existence of any state of mind - such 

existence of state of 
mind or of body, or 
bodily feeling. 
intention, knowledge, good faith, negligence, rashness, ill- 
will, or good-will towards any particular person, or 
showing the existence of any state of body or bodily 
feeling - are relevant, when the existence of any such state of 
mind, or body, or bodily feeling is in issue or relevant. 
Explanation 1 
-A fact relevant as showing the existence of a relevant 
state of mind must show that the state of mind 
exists, not generally, but in reference to the particular 
matter in question. 
Explanation 2 
-But where, upon the trial of a person accused of an 
offence, the previous commission by the accused of 
an offence is relevant within the meaning of this 
section, the previous conviction of such person shall 
also be a relevant fact. 
Illustrations 
(a)A is accused of receiving stolen goods knowing 
them to be stolen. It is proved that he was in possession 
of a particular stolen article. The fact that at the same 
time he was in possession of many other stolen articles 
is relevant, an tending to show that he knew each and 
all of the articles of which he was in possession to be 
stolen. 
(b)A is accused of fraudulently delivering to another 
person a counterfeit coin which, at the time when he 
delivered it, he knew to be counterfeit. The fact that at 
the time of its delivery A was possessed of a number 
of other pieces of counterfeit coin is relevant. The fact 
that A had been previously convicted of delivering to 
another person as genuine a counterfeit coin knowing it 
to be counterfeit is relevant. 
(c)A sues B for a damage done by a dog of B's which 
B knew to be ferocious. The facts that the dog had 

previously bitten X, Y and Z, and that they had made 
complaints to B, are relevant. 
(d)The question is whether A, the acceptor of a bill of 
exchange, knew that the name of the payee was 
fictitious. The fact that A had accepted other bills drawn 
in the same manner before they could have been 
transmitted to him by the payee. If the payee had been a 
real person, is relevant, as showing that A knew that 
the payee was a fictitious person. 
(e)A is accused of defaming B by publishing an 
imputation intended to harm the reputation of B. The 
fact of previous publications by A respecting B, 
showing ill-will on the part of A towards B, is 
relevant, as proving A's intention to harm B's reputation 
by the particular publication in question. The facts that 
there was no previous quarrel between A and B, and 
that A repeated the matter complained of as he heard 
it, are relevant, as showing that A did not intend to 
harm the reputation of B. 
(f)A is sued by B for fraudulently representing to B 
that C was solvent, whereby B, being induced to trust 
C, who was insolvent, suffered loss. The fact that at 
the time when A represented C to be solvent, C was 
supposed to be solvent by his neighbours and by 
persons dealing with him, is relevant, as showing that A 
made the representation in good faith. 
(g)A is sued by B for the price of work done by B  
upon a house of which A is owner, by the order of C, 
a contractor. A's defense is that B's contract was with 
C. The fact that A paid C for the work in question is 
relevant, as proving that A did in good faith make 
over to C the management of the work in question, so 
that C was in a position to contract with B on C's own 
account, and not as agent for A. 
(h)A is accused of the dishonest misappropriation of 
property which he had found, and the question is, 
whether, when he appropriated it, he believed in good 
faith that the real owner could not be found. The fact 
that public notice of the loss of the property had been 
given in the place where A was is relevant, as 

showing that A did not in good faith believe that the 
real owner of the property could not be found. The 
fact that A knew, or had reason to believe, that the 
notice was given fraudulently by C, who had heard of 
the loss of the property and wished to set up a false 
claim to it, is relevant as showing that the fact that A 
knew of the notice did not disprove A's good faith. 
(i)A is charged with shooting at B with intent to kill 
him. In order to show A's intent, the fact of A having 
previously shot at B may be proved. 
(j)A is charged with sending threatening letters to B. 
Threatening letters previously sent by A to B may be 
proved as showing the intention of the letters. 
(k)The question is, whether A has been guilty of 
cruelty towards B, his wife. Expressions of their feeling 
towards each other shortly before or after the alleged 
cruelty are relevant facts. 
(l)The question is, whether A's death was caused by 
poison. Statements made by A during his illness as to 
his symptoms are relevant facts. 
(m)The question is, what was the state of A's health 
at the time when an assurance on his life was 
effected. Statements made by A as to the state of his 
health at or near the time in question are relevant 
facts. 
(n)A sues B for negligence in providing him with a 
carriage for hire not reasonably fit for use, whereby A 
was injured. The fact that B's attention was drawn on 
other occasions to the defect of that particular 
carriage is relevant. The fact that B was habitually 
negligent about the carriages which he let to hire is 
irrelevant. 
(o)A is tried for the murder of B by intentionally 
shooting him dead. The fact that A on other occasions 
shot at B is relevant as showing his intention to shoot 
B. The fact that A was in the habit of shooting at people 
with intent to murder them is irrelevant. 
(p)A is tried for crime. The fact that he said  
something  indicating  an intention to commit that 

particular crime is relevant. The fact that he said 
something indicating a general disposition to commit 
crimes of that class is irrelevant. 
Facts bearing on 
question whether 
act was accidental 
or intentional. 
15. When there is a question whether an act was accidental or 
intentional or done with a particular knowledge or 
intention, the fact that such act formed part of a series of 
similar occurrences, in each of which the person doing the 
act was concerned, is relevant. 
Illustrations 
(a)A is accused of burning down his house in order to 
obtain money for which it is insured. The facts that A 
lived in several houses successively, each of which he 
insured. In each of which a fire occurred, and after each 
of which fires A received payment from different 
insurance office, are relevant as tending to show that  
the fires were not accidental. 
(b)A is employed to receive money from the debtors of 
B. It is A's duty to make entries in a book showing the 
amounts received by him. He makes an entry showing 
that on a particular occasion he received less than he 
really did receive. The question is, whether this false 
entry was accidental or intentional. The facts that 
other entries made by A in the same book are false, 
and that the false entry is in each case in favor of A, 
are relevant. 
(c)A is accused of fraudulently delivering to B a 
counterfeit rupee. The question is, whether the 
delivery of the rupee was accidental. The facts that  
soon before or soon after the delivery to B, A 
delivered counterfeit rupee to C, D, and E, are  
relevant, as showing that the delivery to B was not 
accidental. 
Existence of course 16. 
of business, when 
relevant. 
When there is a question whether a particular act was 
done, the existence of any course of business, according to 
which it naturally would have been done, is a relevant fact. 
Illustrations 
(a)The question is, whether a particular letter was 

dispatched. The fact that it was the ordinary course of 
business for all letters put in certain place to be 
carried to the post, and that that particular letter was put 
in that place, are relevant. 
(b)The question is, whether a particular letter reached 
A. The facts that it was posted in due course and was 
not returned through the dead letter office are 
relevant. 
Admissions 
defined. 
Admission by 
party to 
proceeding, or his 
agent. 
17. 
18. 
Confessions 
defined. 
By suitor in 
representative 
character; 
By party 
interested in 
subject- 
matter. 
By person 
from whom 
Interest 
derived. 
(1)An admission is a statement, oral or 
documentary, which suggests any inference as to 
any fact in issue or relevant fact, and which is 
made by any of the persons and under the 
circumstances hereinafter mentioned. 
(2)A confession is an admission made at any time 
by a person accused of an offence stating or 
suggesting the inference that he committed that 
offence. 
(1)Statements made by a party to the proceeding, 
or by an agent to any such party, whom the court 
regards, under the circumstances of the case, as 
expressly or impliedly authorized by him to make 
them, are admissions. 
(2)Statements made by parties to suits suing or 
sued in representative character are not admissions, 
unless they were made while the party making 
them held that character. 
(3)Statements made by - 
(a)persons who have any proprietary or 
pecuniary interest in the subject- matter of the 
proceeding, and who make the statement in 
their character of persons so interested; or 
(b)persons from whom the parties to the suit 
have derived their interest in the subject- 
matter of the suit, 
are admissions if they are made during the 
continuance of the interest of the persons making 

the statements. 
Admissions by 
persons whose 
position must be 
proved as against 
party to suit. 
19. Statements made by persons whose position or liability it is 
necessary to prove as against any party to the suit are 
admissions if such statements would be relevant as against 
such persons in relation to such position or liability in a 
suit brought by or against them, and if they are made whilst 
the person making them occupies such position or is 
subject to such liability. 
Illustration 
A undertakes to collect rents for B sues A for not collecting 
rent from C to B. A denies that rent was due from C to B. A 
statement by C that he owed B rent is an admission, and is 
a relevant fact as against A. If A denies that C did owe rent to 
B. 
Admissions by 
persons expressly 
referred to by party 
to suit. 
Proof of 
admissions against 
the person who 
makes them or his 
representative in 
interest. 
20. 
21. 
Statements made by persons to whom a party to the suit 
has expressly referred for information in reference to a 
matter in dispute, are admissions. 
Illustration 
The question is whether a horse sold by A to B is sound. A 
says to B, 'Go and ask C; C knows all about it'. C's statement 
is an admission. 
Admissions are relevant and may be proved as against the 
person who makes them, or his representative in interest; but 
they cannot be proved by or on behalf of the person who 
makes them or by his representative in interest, except in 
the following cases. 
(a)an admission may be proved by or on behalf of the 
person making it when it is of such a nature that, if 
the person making it were dead, it would be relevant 
as between third persons under section 32. 
(b)an admission may be proved by or on behalf of 
the person making it when it consists of a statement 
of the existence of any state of mind or body, relevant 
or in issue, made at or about the time when such state 
of mind or body existed, and is accompanied by 
conduct rendering its falsehood improbable; 
(c)an admission may be proved by or on behalf of the 

person making it if it is relevant otherwise than as an 
admission. 
Illustrations 
(a)The question between A and B is whether, a certain deed 
is or is not forged. A affirms that it is genuine. B that it is 
forged. A may prove a statement by B that the deed is 
genuine and B may prove a statement by A that the deed is 
forged; but A cannot prove a statement by himself that the 
deed is genuine nor can B prove a statement that by 
himself that the deed is forged. 
(b)A, the captain of a ship, is tried for casting her away. 
Evidence is given to show that the ship was taken out of 
her proper course. A produces a book kept by him in the 
ordinary course of his business, showing observations 
alleged to have been taken by him from day to day and 
indicating that the ship was not taken out of her proper 
course. A may prove these statements, because they would 
be admissible between third parties if he were dead, under 
section 32, sub-section (2). 
(c)A is accused of a crime committed by him at Colombo. 
He produces a letter written by himself and dated at Jaffna 
on that day, and bearing the Jaffna postmark of that day. The 
statement in the date of the letter is admissible, because if 
A were dead it would be admissible under section 32, 
subsection (2). 
(d)A is accused of receiving stolen goods knowing them 
to be stolen. He offers to prove that he refused to sell them 
below their value. A may prove these statements though they 
are admissions, because they are explanatory of  conduct 
influenced by facts in issue. 
(e)A is accused of fraudulently having in his possession 
counterfeit coin, which he knew to be counterfeit. He 
offers to prove that he asked a skilful person to examine 
the coin, as he doubted whether it was counterfeit or not 
and that that person did examine it and told him it was 
genuine. A may prove these facts for the reasons stated in the 
last preceding illustration. 
When oral 22. Oral admissions as to the contents of a document are not 

admissions as to 
contents of 
documents are 
relevant. 
relevant, unless and until the party proposing to prove 
them shows that he is entitled to give secondary evidence 
of the contents of such documents under the rules hereinafter 
contained, or unless the genuineness of a document produced 
is in question. 
Admissions in civil 23. 
cases when 
relevant. 
In civil cases no admission is relevant if it is made either 
upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be 
given, or under circumstances from which the Court can infer 
that the parties agreed together that evidence of it should not 
be given. 
Explanation 
- Nothing in this section shall be taken to exempt any 
advocate or proctor from giving evidence of any matter of 
which he may be compelled to give evidence under section 
126. 
Confession caused 
by inducement, 
threat, or promise 
irrelevant. 
24. A confession made by an accused person is irrelevant in a 
criminal proceeding if the making of the confession 
appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, 
threat, or promise having reference to the charge against the 
accused person, proceeding from a person in authority, or 
proceeding from another person in the presence of a person 
in authority and with his sanction, and which inducement 
threat, or promise is sufficient in the opinion of the court 
to give the accused person grounds, which would appear to 
him reasonable, for supposing that by making it he would 
gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in 
reference to the proceedings against him. 
Confession made 
to a police officer 
not to be proved 
against an accused 
person. 
25. 
Confession 
made to a 
forest 
officer are 
an excise 
officer not 
to be 
proved 
(1)No confession made to a police officer shall be 
proved as against a person accused of any offence. 
(2)No confession made to a forest officer with 
respect to an act made punishable under the Forest 
Ordinance, or to an excise officer with respect to an 
act made punishable under the Excise Ordinance, 
shall be proved as against any person making such 
confession. 

against 
person 
making 
confession. 
Confession made 
by any person 
while in custody of 
a police officer not 
to be proved 
against him. 
How much of 
information 
received from 
accused may be 
proved. 
26. 
27. 
Confession 
made by 
any person 
while in 
the 
custody of 
a forest 
officer or 
an excise 
officer not 
to be 
proved 
against 
him. 
(1)No confession made by any person whilst he is 
in custody of a police officer, unless it be made in 
the immediate presence of a Magistrate shall be 
proved as against such person. 
(2)No confession made by any person in respect of 
an act made punishable under the Forest Ordinance 
or the Excise Ordinance, whilst such person is in the 
custody of forest officer or an excise officer, 
respectively, shall be proved as against such person, 
unless such confession is made in the immediate 
presence of a Magistrate. 
(1)Provided that, when any fact is deposed to as 
discovered in consequence of information received 
from a person accused of any offence, in the 
custody of a police officer, so much of such 
information, whether it amounts to a confession or 
not, as relates distinctly  to the fact thereby 
discovered may be proved. 
(2)Subsection (1) shall also apply mutates mutandis, in 
the case of information received from a person 
accused of any act made punishable under the Forest 
Ordinance, or the Excise Ordinance, when such 
person is in the custody of a forest officer or an excise 
officer, respectively. 
Meaning of terms 
"forest officer" and 
"excise officer". 
27A. In sections 25, 26 and 27, the terms 'forest officer' and 
'excise officer' shall have the same meanings as are 
respectively  assigned  to  those  terms  in  the  Forest 

Ordinance, and the Excise Ordinance. 
Confession made 
after removal of 
impression caused 
by inducement, 
threat, or promise, 
relevant. 
Confession 
otherwise relevant 
not to become 
irrelevant because 
of promise of 
secrecy, &c. 
Confession made 
by one of several 
persons tried jointly 
for the same 
offence. 
Admission not 
conclusive proof 
but may stop. 
28. 
29. 
30. 
31. 
If such a confession as is referred to in section 24 is made 
after the impression caused by any such inducement, 
threat, or promise has, in the opinion of the Court, been fully 
removed, it is relevant. 
If such a confession is otherwise relevant, it does not become 
irrelevant merely because it was made under a promise of 
secrecy or in consequence of a deception practiced on the 
accused person for the purpose of obtaining it, or when he 
was drunk, or because it was made in answer to questions 
which he need not have answered, whatever may have been 
the form of those questions, or because he was not warned 
that he was not bound to make such confession, and that 
evidence of it might be given against him. 
When more persons than one are being tried jointly for the 
same offence, and a confession made by one of such persons 
affecting himself and some other of such persons is 
proved, the court shall not take into consideration such 
confession as against such other person. 
Explanation 
- 'Offence' as used in this section includes the abetment of 
or attempt to commit the offence. 
Illustration 
A and B are jointly tried for the murder of C. It is proved  
that A said 'B and I murdered C'. The Court shall not 
consider the effect of this confession as against B. 
Admissions are not conclusive proof of the matters admitted, 
but they may operate as estoppels under the provisions 
hereinafter contained. 
STATEMENTS BY PERSONS WHO CANNOT BE CALLED AS 
WITNESS 

Cases in which 
statement of 
relevant fact by 
person who is dead 
or cannot be found, 
&c. is relevant. 
32. 
When it 
relates to 
cause of 
death. 
Or is made 
in course of 
business. 
Or against 
interest of 
maker. 
Or gives 
opinion as 
to public 
right or 
custom or 
Statements, written or verbal, of relevant facts made by 
a person who is dead, or who cannot be found, or who has 
become incapable of giving evidence, or whose 
attendance cannot be procured without an amount of  
delay or expense which, under the circumstances of the 
case, appears to the Court unreasonable, are themselves 
relevant facts in the following cases:- 
(1)When the statement is made by a person as to the 
cause of his death, or as to any of the circumstances 
of the transaction which resulted in his death, in 
cases in which the cause of that  person's death 
comes into question. Such statements are relevant 
whether the person who made them was or was not, 
at the time when they were made, under expectation 
of death, and whatever may be the nature of the 
proceedings in which the cause of his death comes 
into question. 
(2)When the statement was made by such person 
in the ordinary course of business, and in particular 
when it consists of any entry or memorandum 
made by him in books kept in the ordinary course 
of business or in the discharge of professional duty; 
or of an acknowledgement written or signed by 
him of the receipt of money, goods, securities, or 
property of any kind; or of a document used in 
commerce written or signed by him, or of the date 
of a letter or other document usually dated, written, 
or signed by him. 
(3)When the statement is against the pecuniary or 
proprietary interest of the person making it, or 
when if true, it would expose him or would have 
exposed him to a criminal prosecution or to a suit for 
damages. 
(4)When the statement gives the opinion of any 
such person as to the existence of any public right 
or custom or matter of public or general interest, of 
the existence of which, if it existed, he would have 
been likely to be aware, and when such statement 

matters of 
general 
interest. 
Or relates to 
existence of 
relationship. 
Or is made 
in will or 
deed 
relating to 
family 
affairs. 
Or in 
document 
relating to 
transaction 
mentioned 
in section 
13 (a). 
Or is made 
by several 
persons, 
and 
expresses 
feelings 
relevant to 
matter in 
question. 
was made before any controversy as to such right, 
custom, or matter had arisen. 
(5)When the statement relates to the existence of 
any relationship by bloods, marriage, or adoption 
between persons as to whose relationship by blood, 
marriage, adoption the person making the 
statement had special means of knowledge, and  
when the statement was made before the question 
in dispute was raised. 
(6)When the statement relates to the existence of 
any relationship by blood, marriage, or adoption 
between persons deceased, and is made in any will 
or deed relating to the affairs of the family to 
which any such deceased person belonged, or in 
any family pedigree, or upon any tombstone, 
family portrait, or other thing in which such 
statements are usually made, and when such 
statement was made before the question in dispute 
was raised. 
(7)When the statement is contained in any deed, 
will, or other instrument which relates to any such 
transaction as is mentioned in section 13, 
paragraph (a). 
(8)When the statement was made by as number of 
persons, and expressed feelings or impressions on 
their part relevant to the matter in question. 
Illustrations 
(a)The question is, whether A was murdered by B, or 
whether A died of injuries received in a transaction in the 
course of which she was ravished. The question is, whether 

she was ravished by B, or The question is, whether A was 
killed by B under such circumstances that a suit would lie 
against B by A's widow. Statements made by A as to the 
cause of his death, referring respectively to the murder, 
rape, and the actionable wrong under consideration, are 
relevant facts. 
(b)The questions is as to the date of A's birth. An entry in 
the diary of a deceased surgeon, regularly kept in the 
course of business, stating that on a given day, he attended 
A's mother and delivered her of a son, is a relevant fact. 
(c)The questions is, whether A was in Colombo on a given 
day. A statement in the diary of a deceased proctor, regularly 
kept in the course of business, that, on a given day, the 
proctor attended A, at a place mentioned, in Colombo, for 
the purpose of conferring with him upon specified business, 
is a relevant fact. 
(d)The questions is, whether a ship sailed from Galle 
harbour on a given day. A letter written by a deceased 
member of a merchant's firm by which she was chartered 
to their correspondents in London to whom the cargo was 
consigned, stating that the ship sailed on a given day from 
Galle harbour, is a relevant fact. 
(e)The question is, whether rent was paid to A for certain 
land. A letter from A's deceased agent to B saying that he had 
received the rent on A's account and held it at A's orders, is 
a relevant fact. 
(f)The question is, whether A and B were legally married. 
The statement of a deceased clergyman that he married 
them under such circumstances that the celebration would be 
a crime is relevant. 
(g)The question is, whether A, a person who cannot be 
found, wrote a letter on a certain day. The fact that a letter 
written by him is dated on that day is relevant. 
(h)The question is, what was the cause of the wreck of a 
ship. A protest made by the captain, whose attendance cannot 
be procured, is a relevant fact. 
(i)The question is, whether a given road is a public way. A 
statement by A, a deceased headman of the village, that the 
road was public, is a relevant fact. 

(j)The question is, what was the price of grain on a certain 
day in a particular market. A statement of the price made 
by a deceased broker in the ordinary course of business is 
a relevant fact. 
(k)The question is, whether A, who is dead, was the father 
of B. A statement by A that B was his son is a relevant fact. 
(l)The question is, what was the date of the birth of A. A 
letter from A's deceased father to a friend announcing the 
birth of A on a given day is a relevant fact. 
(m)The question is, whether, and when, A and B were 
married. An entry in a memorandum book by C, the  
deceased father of B, of his daughter's marriage with A on 
a given date, is a relevant fact. 
(n)A sues B for a libel expressed in a printed caricature 
exposed in a shop window. The question is as to the 
similarity of the caricature and its libelous character. The 
remarks of a crowd of spectators on these points may be 
proved. 
Evidence in a 
former judicial 
proceeding when 
relevant. 
33. Evidence given by a witness in a judicial proceeding, or 
before any person authorized by law to take it, is relevant, 
for the purpose of proving, in a subsequent judicial 
proceeding, or in a later stage of the same judicial 
proceeding, the truth of the facts which it states, when the 
witness is dead or cannot be found, or is incapable of 
giving evidence, or is kept out of the way by the adverse 
party, or if his presence cannot be obtained without an 
amount or delay or expense which, under the 
circumstances of the case, the court considers 
unreasonable: 
Provided- 
(a)that the proceeding was between the same 
parties or their representatives in interest; 
(b)that the adverse party in the first proceeding 
had the right and opportunity to cross-examine; 
(c)that the questions in issue were substantially 
the same in the first as in the second proceeding. 
Explanation 

A criminal trial or inquiry shall be deemed to be a 
proceeding between the prosecutor and the accused within 
the meaning of this section. 
STATEMENTS MADE UNDER SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES 
Entries in books of 
account when 
relevant. 
34. Entries in books of account, regularly kept in the course of 
business, are relevant, whenever they refer to a matter into 
which the Court has to inquire, but such statements shall 
not alone be sufficient evidence to charge any person with 
liability. 
Illustration 
A sues B for Rs: 1,000 and shows entries in his account 
books showing B to be indebted to him to this amount. 
The entries are relevant, but are not sufficient without 
other evidence to prove the debt. 
Entry in public 
record made in 
performance of 
duty enjoined by 
law ,whom 
relevant. 
Statements 
contained in 
records compiled 
on information 
supplied by third 
parties having 
personal 
knowledge of the 
matters contained 
in such statement, 
when 
relevant." [2, 33 
of 1998] 
35. 
35A. 
An entry in any public or other official book, register, or 
record, stating a fact in issue or relevant fact, and made by 
a public servant in the discharge of his official duty, or by 
any other person in performance of a duty especially 
enjoined by the law of the country in which such book, 
register, or record is kept, is itself a relevant fact. 
A statement of a fact contained in a record, compiled - 
(a)by any person in the course of any trade,  
business, or occupation in which he is engaged or 
employed or for the purposes of any paid or unpaid 
office held by such person; and 
(b)from information supplied to such person by any 
other person who had, or may reasonably supposed 
to have had, personal knowledge of the matters dealt 
with in that information, 
is a relevant fact: 
Provided that such a statement shall not be capable 
of corroborating the oral evidence of the person who 
originally supplied the information from which the 
record containing the statement was compiled. 

Maps, charts and 
plans, when 
relevant. 
36. Statements of facts in issue or relevant facts, made in 
published maps or charts generally offered for public sale, or 
in maps or plans made under the authority of Government 
as to matters usually represented or stated in such maps, 
charts, or plans, are themselves relevant facts. 
Statement as to fact 37. 
of public nature 
contained in any 
enactment or 
notification when 
relevant. 
[4, 6 of 2021] 
When the Court has to form an opinion as to the existence of 
any fact of a public nature, any statement of it made in a 
recital contained in any enactment of Sri Lanka or in the 
legislation of any foreign country or in any proclamation 
or notification of the Government of Sri Lanka, appearing in 
the Government Gazette of Sri Lanka, or in any 
proclamation or notification of the Government of any 
foreign country, appearing in any official publication of 
the Government of such foreign country, is a relevant fact. 
Statements in law 
books when 
relevant. 
38. When the court has to form an opinion as to a law of the 
country, any statement of such law contained in a book 
purported to be printed or published under the authority of 
the Government of such country, and to contain any such 
law, and any record of a ruling of the courts of such 
country contained in a book purporting to be a report of such 
rulings, is relevant 
Statement as to age 38A. 
in a certificate of a 
Medical 
Practitioner when 
relevant. 
[3, 32 of 1999] 
(1)Where the court is required to form an opinion 
as to the age of a person, a statement in a certificate 
purporting to be issued by a Medical Practitioner as 
to the probable age of such person is relevant. 
(2)In this section, 'Medical Practitioner' means a 
Medical Practitioner registered under the Medical 
Ordinance. 
HOW MUCH OF A STATEMENT IS TO BE PROVED 
What evidence to 
be given when 
statement forms 
part of a 
39. When any statement of which evidence is given forms part 
of a longer statement, or of a conversation, or part of an 
isolated document, or is contained in a document which 
forms part of a book, or of a connected series of letters or 

conversation, 
document, book, or 
series of letters or 
papers. 
papers, evidence shall be given of so much and no more of 
the statement, conversation, document, book, or series of 
letters or papers as the court considers necessary in that 
particular case to the full understanding of the nature and 
effect of the statement and of the circumstances under which 
it was made. 
JUDGMENTS OF COURTS OF JUSTICE WHEN RELEV ANT 
Previous judgments 
relevant to bar a 
second suit or trial. 
Relevancy of 
judgments in 
probate, &c., 
jurisdiction. 
40. 
41. 
The existence of any judgment, order, or decree which by 
law prevents any court from taking cognizance of a suit or 
holding as trial, is a relevant fact, when the question is, 
whether such court ought to take cognizance of such suit 
or to hold such trial. 
(1)A final judgment, order, or decree at a competent 
court, in the exercise of probate, matrimonial, 
admiralty, or insolvency jurisdiction, which confers 
upon or takes away from any person any legal  
character, or which declares any person to be entitled to 
any such character, or to be entitled to any specific 
thing, not as against any specified person, but 
absolutely, is relevant, when the existence of any such 
legal character, or the title of any such person to any 
such thing, is relevant. 
(2)Such judgment, or order, or decree is conclusive 
proof- 
(a)that any legal character which it confers 
accrued at the time when such judgment, order, 
or decree came into operation; 
(b)that any legal character to which it declares 
any such person to be entitled, accrued to that 
person at the time when such judgment, order, or 
decree declares it to have accrued to that person; 
(c)that any legal character which it takes away 
from any such person ceased at the time from 
which such judgment, order, or decree declared 
that it had ceased or should cease; and 

(d)that anything to which it declares any person 
to be so entitled was the property of that person 
at the time from which such judgment, order, or 
decree declares that it had been or should be his 
property. 
Relevancy of 
judgments &c., 
recording 
convictions, in 
civil proceedings. 
[3, 33 of 1998] 
41A. (1)Where in an action for defamation, the question 
whether any person committed a criminal 
offence is a fact in issue, a judgment of any court in 
Sri Lanka recording a conviction of that person for 
that criminal offence, being a judgment against 
which no appeal has been preferred within the 
appealable period or which has been finally 
affirmed on appeal, shall be relevant for the 
purpose of proving that such person committed 
such offence, and shall be conclusive proof of that 
fact. 
(2)Without prejudice to the provisions of 
subsection (1), where in any civil proceedings, 
the question whether any person, whether such 
person is a party to such civil proceedings or not, 
has been convicted of any offence by any court or 
court martial in Sri Lanka, or has committed the 
acts constituting an offence, is a fact in issue, 
a judgment or order of such court or court martial 
recording a conviction of such person for such 
offence, being a judgment or order against 
which no appeal has been preferred within the 
appealable period, or which has been finally 
affirmed in appeal, shall be relevant for the 
purposes of proving that such person 
committed such offence or committed the acts 
constituting such offence. 
(3)In this section - 
'Court Martial' means a Court - Martial constituted 
under the Army Act or the Navy Act or the Air Force 
Act and the expression 'conviction' when used in 
relation to a Court Martial, means a conviction by 
such Court Martial confirmed in accordance with the 
provisions of the law under which such Court 
Martial was constituted. 

Relevancy of 
judgments &c., 
recording findings 
of adultery in Civil 
proceedings. 
[3, 33 of 1998] 
Relevancy of 
judgments &c., 
recording findings 
of paternity in 
Civil proceedings. 
41B. 
41C. 
(1)Where in any civil proceedings, the question 
whether any person, whether such person is a party 
to such civil proceeding or not, has committed 
adultery is a fact in issue, any judgment, decree or 
order in any matrimonial proceedings recording a 
finding that such person has been found guilty of 
adultery, being a decree, judgment or order from 
which there has been no appeal within the 
appealable period or which has been finally affirmed 
in appeal, shall be relevant for the purpose of 
proving that such person committed such adultery. 
(2)In this section, 'matrimonial proceedings' means 
an action for divorce a vinculo matrimonial or 
separation a mensa et thoro or proceedings had before 
a District Registrar pursuant to an application made to 
such District Registrar under section 33 of  the 
Kandyan Marriage and Divorce Act or proceedings 
had before a Quazi or Special Quazi pursuant to an 
application for divorce made under the Muslim 
Marriage and Divorce Act. 
Illustrations 
(a)B injures C while driving A's car in the course of B's 
employment with A. B is convicted for careless 
driving. In an action for damages instituted by C 
against A and B, B's conviction is relevant. 
(b)A obtains a decree for divorce against B on the 
ground of B's adultery with C. C's wife sues C for 
divorce on the ground of C's adultery with B. The 
divorce decree is relevant to prove B's adultery 
with C. 
(1)Where in any civil proceedings, the question 
whether any person, whether such person is a party 
to such civil proceeding or not, is the father of a 
child is a fact in issue, an order entered in any 
maintenance proceedings recording a finding that  
such person is the father of such child, being an 
order from which there has been no appeal within 

the appealable period or which has been finally 
affirmed in appeal, shall be relevant for the purposes 
of proving that such person is the father of such 
child. 
(2)In this section, 'maintenance proceedings' means 
proceedings had before a Magistrate pursuant to an 
application made to such Magistrate for an order  
under section 2 of the Maintenance Ordinance or 
proceedings had before a Quazi pursuant to a claim 
made to such Quazi by, or on behalf of, a child, 
under the Muslim Marriage and Divorce Act. 
When judgments, 
&c., other than 
those mentioned in 
sections 41, 41A, 
41B, and 41C are 
relevant. 
[4, 33 of 1998] 
When judgments, 
&c., other than 
those mentioned in 
sections 40, 41, 
41A, 41B, 41C and 
42 are relevant. 
[5, 33 of 1998] 
42. 
43. 
Judgments, orders, or decrees other than those mentioned 
in sections 41, 41A, 41B, and 41C are relevant if they 
relate to matters of a public nature relevant to the inquiry;  
but such judgments, orders, or decrees are not conclusive 
proof of that which they state. 
Illustrations 
A sues B for trespass on his land. B alleges the existence 
of a public right of way over the land, which A denies. The 
existence of a decree in favor of the defendant in a suit by 
A against C for a trespass on the same land, in which C 
alleged the existence of the same right of way, is relevant, 
but it is not conclusive proof that the right of way exists. 
Judgments, orders, or decrees, other than those mentioned in 
sections 40, 41, 41A, 41B, 41C and 42, are relevant, unless 
the existence of such judgment, order, or decree is a fact in 
issue, or is relevant under some other provision of  this 
Ordinance. 
Illustrations 
(a)A and B separately sue C for a libel which reflects 
upon each of them. C in each case says that the 
matters alleged to be libelous is true, and the 
circumstances are such that it is probably true in each 
case, or in neither. A obtains a decree against C for 
damages, on the ground that C failed to make out his 
justification. The fact is irrelevant as between B and 

C. 
(b)A prosecutes B for stealing a cow from him. B is 
convicted. A afterwards sues C for the cow, which B 
had sold to him before his conviction. As between A 
and C the judgment against B is irrelevant. 
(c)A has obtained a decree for the possession of land 
against B; C, B's son, murders A in consequence. The 
existence of the judgment is relevant, as showing 
motive for a crime. 
(d)A is charged with theft and with having been 
previously convicted of theft. The previous 
conviction is relevant as a fact in issue. 
(e)A is tried for the murder of B. The fact that B 
prosecuted A for libel, and that A was convicted and 
sentenced, is relevant under section 8, as showing the 
motive for the fact in issue. 
Fraud, collusion, or 44. 
incompetence of 
court may be 
proved. 
[6, 33 of 1998] 
Any party to a suit or other proceeding may show that any 
judgment, order, or decree which is relevant under 
sections 40, 41, 41A, 41B, 41C or 42 and which has been 
proved by the adverse party, was delivered by a court not 
competent to deliver it, or was obtained by fraud or 
collusion. 
OPINIONS THIRD PERSONS WHEN RELEV ANT 
Opinions of 
experts. 
[2, 1 of 1946] 
45. When the Court has to form an opinion as to foreign law, 
or of science, or art, or as to identity or genuineness of 
handwriting or finger impressions, palm impressions or 
foot impressions, the opinions upon that point of persons 
specially skilled in such foreign law, science, or art, or in 
questions as to identity or genuineness of handwriting or 
finger impressions, palm impressions or foot impressions, 
are relevant. 
Such persons are called experts. 
Illustrations 
(a)The question is, whether the death of A was caused by 
poison. The opinions of experts as to the symptoms 

produced for the poison by which A is supposed to have died 
are relevant. 
(b)The question is, whether A, at the time of doing a  
certain act, was, by reason of unsoundness of mind, 
incapable of knowing the nature of the act, or that he was 
doing what was either wrong or contrary to law. The 
opinions of experts upon the question whether the symptoms 
exhibited by A commonly show unsoundness of mind, and 
whether such unsoundness of mind usually renders persons 
incapable of knowing the nature of the acts which they 
do, or of knowing what they do is either wrong or contrary 
to law, are relevant. 
(c)The question is, whether a certain document was written 
by A. Another document is produced which is proved or 
admitted to have been written by A. The opinion of experts 
on the question whether the two documents were written 
by the same person or by different persons, are relevant. 
Facts bearing upon 46. 
opinions of 
experts. 
Facts not otherwise relevant are relevant if they support or 
are inconsistent with the opinions of experts, when such 
opinions are relevant. 
Illustrations 
(a)The question is, whether A was poisoned by a 
certain poison. The fact that other persons who were 
poisoned by that poison exhibited certain symptoms 
which experts affirm or deny to be the symptoms of  
that poison, is relevant. 
(b)The question is, whether an obstruction to a 
harbour is caused by a certain sea-wall. The fact that 
other harbours are similarly situated in other respects 
but, where there were no such sea-walls, began to be 
obstructed at about the same time, is relevant. 
Opinion as to 
handwriting. 
47. When the Court has to form an opinion as to the persons 
by whom any document was written or signed, the opinion 
of any person acquainted with the handwriting of the 
person by whom it is supposed to be written or signed that 
it was or was not written or signed by that person is a 
relevant fact. 

Explanation 
A person is said to be acquainted with the handwriting of 
another person when he has seen that person write, or 
when he has received documents purporting to be written 
by that person in answer to documents written by himself 
or under his authority and addressed to that person, or 
when, in the ordinary course of business, documents 
purporting to be written by that person have been 
habitually submitted to him. 
Illustrations 
The question is, whether a given letter is in the 
handwriting of A, a merchant in London. 
B is a merchant in Colombo, who had written letters 
addressed to A and received letters purporting to be written 
by him. 
C is B's clerk, whose duty it was to examine and file B's 
correspondence. D is B's broker, to whom B habitually 
submitted the letters purporting to be written by A for the 
purpose of advising with him thereon. 
The opinion B, C, and D on the question, whether the 
letter is in the handwriting of A, are relevant, though 
neither B, C, nor D ever saw A write. 
Opinion as to 
usages, tenants, 
&c. when relevant. 
Opinion as to 
usage, tenets &c. 
when relevant 
48. 
49. 
When the Court has to form an opinion as to the existence 
of any general custom or right, the opinion, as to the 
existence of such custom or right, of persons who would be 
likely to know of its existence if it existed, are relevant. 
Explanation 
- The expression 'general custom or right' include customs 
or rights common to any considerable class of persons. 
Illustrations 
The right of the inhabitants of a particular village to use the 
water of a particular well is a general right within the 
meaning of this section. 
When the Court has to form an opinion as to- 
(a)the usage and tenets of any body of men or 
family; 

(b)the constitution and government of any religious or 
charitable foundation; or 
(c)the meaning of words or terms used in particular 
districts or by particular classes of people; 
Opinion on 
relationship, when 
relevant. 
50. When the Court has to form an opinion as to the 
relationship of one person to another, the opinion, 
expressed by conduct, as the existence of such relationship 
of any person who, as a member of the family or 
otherwise, has special means of knowledge on the subject, 
is a relevant fact: 
Illustrations 
(a)The question is, whether A and B were married. The 
fact that they were usually received and treated by 
their friends as husband and wife is relevant. 
(b)The question is, whether A was the legitimate son of 
B. The fact that A was always treated as such by 
members of the family is relevant. 
Grounds of 
opinion, when 
relevant. 
51. Whenever the opinion of any living Person is relevant the 
grounds on which such opinion is based are relevant. 
Illustrations 
An expert may give an account of experiments performed 
by him for the purpose of forming his opinion. 
CHARACTER WHEN RELEV ANT 
In civil cases 
character to prove 
conduct imputed, 
irrelevant. 
In criminal cases 
previous good 
character relevant. 
Previous bad 
52. 
53. 
54. 
In civil cases, the fact that the character of any person 
concerned is such as to render probable or improbable any 
conduct imputed to him is irrelevant, except in so far as  
such character appears from facts otherwise relevant. 
In criminal proceedings the fact that the person accused is 
of a good character is relevant. 
In criminal proceedings the fact that the person accused is 

character 
irrelevant, except 
when evidence of 
good character is 
given. 
of a bad character is irrelevant, unless evidence has been 
given that he has a good character, in which case it 
becomes relevant. 
Explanation 1 
-This section does not apply to cases in which the bad 
character of any person is itself a fact in issue. 
Explanation 2 
-A previous conviction is relevant as evidence of bad 
character in such case. 
Character as 
affecting damages. 
55. In civil cases, the fact that the character of any person is such 
as to affect the amount of damages which he ought to receive 
is relevant. 
Explanation 
In section 52, 53, 54 and 55 the word 'character' includes 
both reputation and disposition: but, except as provided in 
section 54, evidence may be given only of general reputation 
and general disposition, and not of particular acts by 
which reputation or disposition were shown. 
PART II ON 
PROOF 
CHAPTER III 
FACTS WHICH NEED NOT BE PROVED 
No proof required 
of fact judicially 
noticed. 
Facts of which 
Court must take 
judicial notice. 
[5, 6 of 2021] 
[7, 3 of 1961] 
56. 
57. 
No fact of which the Court will take judicial notice need 
not be proved. 
The Court shall take judicial notice of the following facts: 
(1)all laws, or rules having the force of law, now or 
heretofore in force or hereafter to be in force in any  
part of Sri Lanka; 
(2)all public Acts passed or hereafter to be passed by 

Parliament, and all local and personal Acts directed 
by Parliament to be judicially noticed; 
(3)articles of war for the Sri Lanka Army, Navy or 
Air force; 
(4)the course of proceedings of the Legislature of Sri 
Lanka: 
(5)the Public Seal of the Republic of Sri Lanka; 
(6)the seals of all the courts of Sri Lanka and of 
notaries public; and all seals which any person is 
authorized to use by any enactment for the time being 
in force of the Legislature of Sri Lanka or of the 
Legislature of any foreign Country. 
(7)The accession to office, names, titles, functions, 
and signatures of the persons filling for the time 
being any public office in any part of Sri Lanka, If the 
fact of their appointment to such office is notified in the 
Gazette; 
(8)The existence, title and national flag of every 
State or Sovereign recognized by the Republic of Sri 
Lanka; 
(9)The ordinary course of nature, natural and  
artificial divisions of time, the geographical divisions 
of the world, the meaning of English words, and 
public festivals, facts, and holidays notified in the 
Gazette; 
(10)the territorial limits of the Democratic Socialist 
Republic of Sri Lanka and of its divisions; 
(11)The commencement, continuance, and 
termination of hostilities between the Republic of Sri 
Lanka and any foreign State or body of persons; 
(12)The names of the members and officers of the 
court, and of their deputies and subordinate officers and 
assistants, and also of all officers acting in execution of 
its process, and of all attorneys-at-law,  and other 
persons authorized by law to appear or act before it; 
(13)The rule of the road on land or at sea; 
(14)All other matters which it is directed by any 

enactment to notice. 
Facts admitted 
need not be 
proved. 
58. No fact need be proved in any proceeding which the 
parties thereto or their agents agree to admit at the hearing, 
or which, before the hearing, they agree to admit by any 
writing under their hands, or which by any rule of pleading 
in force at the time they are deemed to have admitted by 
their pleadings: 
Provided that the court may, in its discretion, require the 
facts admitted to be proved otherwise than by such 
admissions. 
CHAPTER IV 
OF ORAL EVIDENCE 
Facts may be 
proved by oral 
evidence. 
59. All facts, except the contents of documents, may be 
proved by oral evidence. 
Oral evidence must 60. 
be direct. 
Oral evidence must, in all cases whatever, be direct; that is 
to say- 
(i)If it refers to a fact which could be seen it must be 
the evidence of a witness who says he saw that fact; 
(ii)If it refers to a fact which could be heard, it must be 
the evidence of a witness who says he heard that fact; 
(iii)If it refers to a fact which could be perceived by 
any other sense or in any other manner, it must be the 
evidence of a witness who says he perceived that fact 
by that sense or in that manner; 
(iv)If it refers to an opinion or to the grounds on  
which that opinion is held, it must be the evidence of 
the person who holds that opinion on those grounds. 
Provided that the opinions of experts expressed in any 
treatise commonly offered for sale, and the grounds on 
which such opinions are held, may be proved by the 
production of such treatises if the author is dead or cannot 

be found, or has become incapable of giving evidence, or 
cannot be called as a witness without an amount of delay 
or expense which the Court regards as unreasonable. 
Provided also that, if oral evidence refers to the existence 
or conditions of any material thing other than a document, 
the court may, if it thinks fit, require the production of 
such material thing for its inspection. 
CHAPTER V 
OF DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE 
Proof of contents 
of documents. 
Primary evidence. 
61. 
62. 
The contents of documents may be proved either by 
primary or by secondary evidence. 
Primary evidence means the document itself produced for 
the inspection of the court. 
Explanation 1 
-Where a document is executed in several parts, each 
part is primary evidence of the document. 
Where a document is executed in counterpart, such 
counterpart being executed by one or some of the 
parties only, each counterpart is primary evidence as 
against the parties executing it. 
Explanation 2 
-Where a number of documents are all made by one 
uniform process, as in the case of printing, lithography, 
or photography, each is primary evidence of the 
contents of the rest; but where they are all copies of a 
common original, they are not primary evidence of the 
contents of the original. 
Illustrations 
A person is shown to have been in possession of a 
number of placards, all printed at one time from one 

original. Any one of the placards is primary evidence of 
the contents of any other but no one of them is primary 
evidence of the contents of the original. 
Secondary 
evidence. 
Proof of 
documents by 
primary evidence. 
Cases in which 
secondary evidence 
relating to 
63. 
64. 
65. 
Secondary evidence means and includes - 
(1)certified copies given under the provisions 
hereinafter contained; 
(2)copies made from the original by mechanical 
process which in themselves insure the accuracy of 
the copy, and copies compared with such copies; 
(3)copies made from a compared with the original; 
(4)counterparts of documents as against the parties 
who did not execute them; 
(5)oral accounts of the contents of a document given 
by some person who has himself seen it. 
Illustrations 
(a)photograph of an original is secondary evidence of its 
contents, though the two have not been compared, if it is 
proved that the thing photographed was the original. 
(b)A copy compared with a copy of a letter made by a 
copying machine is secondary evidence of the contents of 
the letter, if it is shown that the copy made by the copying 
machine was made from the original. 
(c)A copy transcribed from a copy, but afterwards 
compared with the original, is secondary evidence; but the 
copy not so compared is not secondary evidence of the 
original, although the copy from which it was transcribed 
was compared with the original. 
(d)Neither an oral account of a copy compared with the 
original nor an oral account of a photograph or machine- 
copy of the original, is secondary evidence of the original. 
Documents must be proved by primary evidence, except in 
the cases hereinafter mentioned. 
Secondary evidence may be given of the existence, 
condition, or contents of a document in the following  
cases:- 

documents may be 
given. 
[6, 6 of 2021] 
(1)when the original is shown or appears to be in the 
possession or power- 
(i)of the person against whom the document is 
sought to be proved, or 
(ii)of any person out of reach of, or not subject 
to, the process of the court, or 
(iii)of any person legally bound to produce it, 
and when, after the notice mentioned in section 
66, such person does not produce it; 
(2)when the existence, condition, or contents of the 
original have been proved to be admitted in 
writing by the person against whom it is sought to be 
proved, or his representative in interest; 
(3)when the original has been destroyed or lost, or 
when the party offering evidence of its contents  
cannot, for any other reason not arising from his own 
default or neglect, produce it in reasonable time; 
(4)when the original is of such a nature as not to be 
easily movable; 
(5)when the original is a public document within the 
meaning of section 74; 
(6)when the original is a document of which a 
certified copy is permitted by this Ordinance or by 
any other law in force in Sri Lanka to be given in 
evidence; 
(7)when the originals consist of numerous accounts or 
other documents which cannot conveniently be 
examined in court, and the fact to be proved is the 
general result of the whole collection. 
Rules as to notice 
to produce. 
66. Secondary evidence of the contents of the documents 
referred to in section 65, subsection (1), shall not be given 
unless that party proposing to give such secondary 
evidence has previously given to the party in whose 
possession or power the document is, or to his proctor, 
such notice to produce it as is prescribed by law; and if no 
notice is prescribed by law, then such notice as the court 
considers reasonable under the circumstances of the case. 

Provided that such notice shall not be required in order to 
render secondary evidence admissible in any of the  
following cases, or in any other case in which the court 
thinks fit to dispense with it:- 
(1)when the document to be proved is itself a notice; 
(2)when from the nature of the case, the adverse 
party must know that he will be required to produce 
it; 
(3)when it appears or is proved that the adverse party 
has obtained possession of the original by fraud or by 
force; 
(4)when the adverse party or his agent has the original 
in court; 
(5)when the adverse party or his agent has admitted  
the loss of the document; 
(6)when the person in possession of the document is 
out of reach of, or not subject to, the process in the 
court. 
Proof of signature 
and handwriting of 
person alleged to 
have signed or 
written document 
produced. 
Proof of execution 
of document 
required by law to 
be attested 
Proof where no 
attesting witness 
found. 
[7, 6 of 2021] 
67. 
68. 
69. 
If a document is alleged to be signed or to have been 
written wholly or in part by any person, the signature or 
the handwriting of so much of the document as is alleged 
to be in that person's handwriting must be proved to be in 
his handwriting. 
If a document is required by law to be attested, it shall not 
be used as evidence until one attesting witness at least has 
been called for the purpose of proving its execution, if 
there be an attesting witness alive, and subject to the 
process of the court and capable of giving evidence. 
If no such attesting witness can be found, or if the  
document purports to have been executed in any foreign 
Country, it must be proved that the attestation of one 
attesting witness at least is in his handwriting, and that the 
signature of the person executing the document is in the 
handwriting of that person. 

Admission of 
execution by party 
to attested 
document. 
Proof when 
attesting witness 
denies the 
execution. 
Proof of document 
not required by law 
to be attested. 
Comparison of 
handwritings. 
[3, 1 of 1946] 
70. 
71. 
72. 
73. 
The admission of a party to an attested document of its 
execution by himself shall be sufficient proof of its execution 
as against him, though it be a document required by law to 
be attested. 
If the attesting witness denies or does not recollect the 
execution of the document, its execution may be proved 
by other evidence. 
An attested document not required by law to be attested 
may be proved as if it was unattested. 
(1)In order to ascertain whether a signature writing 
or seal is that of the person by whom it purports to have 
been written or made, any signature, writing, or seal  
admitted or proved to the satisfaction of the Court to 
have been written or made by that person may be 
compared with the one which is to be proved, although 
that signature, writing, or seal has not been produced or 
proved for any other purpose. 
(2)The Court may direct any person present in Court 
to write any words or figures for the purpose of 
enabling the Court to compare the words or figures so 
written with any words or figures alleged to have 
been written by such person. 
(3)This section applies also, with any necessary 
modification, to finger impressions, palm impressions 
and foot impressions. 
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS 
Public documents. 
[8, 6 of 2021] 
74. The following documents are public documents:- 
(a)documents forming the acts, or records of the 
acts- 
(i)of the Sovereign authority; 
(ii)of official bodies and tribunals; and 

(iii)of public officers, legislative, judicial, and 
executive, whether of Sri Lanka or of a foreign 
country. 
(b)public records, kept in Sri Lanka, of private 
documents; 
(c)plans, surveys, or maps purporting to be signed 
by the Surveyor-General or officer acting on his behalf. 
Private documents. 75. All other documents are private. 
Certified copies of 
public documents. 
76. Every public officer having the custody of a public 
document, which any person has a right to inspect, shall 
give that person on demand a copy of it on payment of the 
legal fees therefore, together with a certificate written at 
the foot of such copy that it is a true copy of such 
document or part thereof, as the case may be, and such 
certificate shall be dated and subscribed by such officer 
with his name and his official title, and shall be sealed, 
whenever such officer is authorized by law to make use of 
a seal, and such copies so certified shall be called certified 
copies. 
Explanation 
- Any officer who, by the ordinary course of official duty, 
is authorized to deliver such copies shall be deemed to 
have the custody of such documents within the meaning of 
this section. 
Proof of 
documents by 
production of 
certified copies. 
Proof of other 
official documents. 
[9, 6 of 2021] 
77. 
78. 
Such certified copies may be produced in proof of the 
contents of the public documents or parts of the public 
documents of which they purport to be copies. 
The following public documents may be proved as 
follows: 
(1)acts, orders, or notifications of the Government of Sri 
Lanka or of any of its departments- 
(i)by the records of the departments certified by the 
heads of those departments respectively, or by the 

Permanent Secretary or a Deputy or an Assistant 
Permanent secretary; 
(ii)by any document purporting to be printed by 
order of the Government; 
(2)the proceedings of the Legislature- 
(i)by the minutes of that body, or 
(ii)by published enactments or abstracts, or 
(iii)by copies purporting to be printed by order of 
Government; 
(3)proclamations, orders, or regulations issued by the 
President or any Minister or any department of Government-
by copies or extracts contained in the Gazette of Sri Lanka; 
(4)the acts of the executive or the proceedings of the 
legislature of a foreign country- 
(i)by journals published by their authority, or 
commonly received in that country as such, or 
(ii)by a copy certified under the seal of the country or 
Sovereign, or 
(iii)by a recognition thereof in some public 
enactment of Sri Lanka; 
(5)the proceedings of a Municipal body in Sri Lanka- 
(i)by a copy of such proceedings certified by the 
legal keeper thereof, or 
(ii)by a printed book purporting to be published by 
the authority of such body; 
(6)public documents of any other class in a foreign 
country- 
(i)by the original, or 
(ii)by a copy certified by the legal keeper thereof, with 
a certificate under the seal of a notary public or of 
any Ambassador, High Commissioner, or other 
diplomatic agent of Sri Lanka, that the copy is duly 
certified by the officer having the legal custody of the 
original and upon proof of the character of the 
document according to the law of the foreign country. 

PRESUMPTION AS TO DOCUMENTS 
Presumption as to 
genuineness of 
certified copies. 
[10, 6 of 2021] 
Presumption on 
production of 
record of evidence. 
Presumption as to 
Gazettes. 
[11, 6 of 2021] 
79. 
80. 
81. 
(1)The Court shall presume every document 
purporting to be a certificate, certified copy, or other 
document, which is by law declared to be admissible 
as evidence of any particular fact, and which purports to 
be duly certified by any officer in Sri Lanka to be 
genuine: 
Provided that such document is substantially in the  
form and purports to be executed in the manner directed 
by law in that behalf. 
(2)The Court shall also presume that any officer, by 
whom any such document purports to be signed or 
certified, held, when he signed it, the official character 
which he claims in such paper. 
Whenever any document is produced before any court 
purporting to be a record or memorandum of the evidence 
or of any part of the evidence given by a witness in a judicial 
proceeding or before any officer authorized by law to take 
such evidence, or to be a statement or confession by any 
prisoner or accused person taken in accordance with law 
and purporting to be signed by any Judge or Magistrate or by 
any such officer as aforesaid, the court shall presume- 
(i)that the document is genuine; 
(ii)that any statements, as to the circumstances under 
which it was taken, purporting to be made by the 
persons signing it, are true; and 
(iii)that such evidence, statement, or confession was 
duly taken. 
The Court shall presume the genuineness of every document 
purporting to be the Gazette of Ceylon or Sri Lanka, and of 
every document purporting to be a document directed by 
any law to be kept by any person, if such document is kept 
substantially in the form required by law and is produced 
from proper custody. 

Repealed 
[12, 6 of 2021] 
Presumption as to 
maps or plan made 
or signed by 
Surveyor-General. 
Presumption as to 
collections of laws 
and reports of 
decisions. 
Presumption as to 
powers of attorney. 
[13, 6 of 2021] 
Presumption as to 
certified copies of 
foreign judicial 
records. 
[14, 6 of 2021] 
Presumption as to 
books and maps. 
Presumptions as to 
82. 
83. 
84. 
85. 
86. 
87. 
88. 
Repealed Section. 
The Court shall presume that maps, plans, or surveys 
purporting to be signed by the Surveyor-General or officer 
acting on his behalf were duly made by his authority and 
are accurate; but maps, plans, or surveys not so signed 
must be proved to be accurate. 
The Court shall presume the genuineness of every book 
purporting to be printed or published under the authority of 
the Government of any country, and to contain any of the 
laws of that country, and of every book purporting to contain 
reports of decisions of the Courts of such country. 
The court shall presume that every document purporting to 
be a power of attorney, and to have been executed before, 
and authenticated by, a notary public, a person duly 
authorized by law in that behalf, or any court, Judge, 
Magistrate, an Ambassador or High Commissioner or other 
diplomatic representative of Sri Lanka, was so executed 
and authenticated. 
The court may presume that any document purporting to 
be a certified copy of any judicial record of any country 
other than the Republic of Sri Lanka is genuine and accurate, 
if the document purports to be certified in any manner which 
is certified by any representative of the Republic of Sri 
Lanka, in or for such country to be the manner commonly in 
use in that country for the certification of copies of judicial 
records. 
The court may presume that any book to which it may 
refer for information on matters of public or general interest, 
and that any published map or chart, the statements of 
which are relevant facts, and which is  produced for its 
inspection, was written and published by the person, and at 
the time and place by whom or at which it purports to have 
been written or published. 
The court may presume that a message, forwarded from a 

telegraphic 
messages. 
telegraph office to the person to whom such message purports 
to be addressed, corresponds with a message delivered for 
transmission at the office from which the message purports to 
be sent; but the court shall not make any presumption as to 
the person by whom such message  was delivered for 
transmission. 
Presumption as to 
due execution, &c. 
of documents not 
produced 
Presumption as to 
documents thirty 
years old. 
89. 
90. 
The court shall presume that every document called for and 
not produced, after notice to produce given under section 
66, was attested, stamped, and executed in the manner 
required by law. 
Where any document purporting or proved to be thirty 
years old is produced from any custody which the court in 
the particular case considers proper, the court may presume 
that the signature and every other part of such document 
which purports to be in the handwriting of any particular 
person is in that person's handwriting and in the case of a 
document executed or attested, that it was duly executed 
and attested by the persons by whom it purports to be 
executed and attested. 
Explanation 
Documents are said to be in proper custody if they are 
in the place in which, and under the care of the person 
with whom they would naturally be; but no custody is 
improper if it is proved to have had a legitimate 
origin, or if the circumstances of the particular case 
are such as to render such an origin probable. 
This explanation applies also to section 81. 
Illustrations 
(a)A has been in possession of landed property for a 
long time. He produces from his custody deeds 
relating to the land showing his title to it. The custody 
is proper. 
(b)A produces deeds relating to landed property of 
which he is the mortgagee. The mortgagor is in 
possession. The custody is proper. 
(c)A, a connection of B, produces deeds relating to 
lands in B's possession, which were deposited with 

him by B for safe custody. The custody is proper. 
CHAPTER VI 
BANKERS’ BOOKS 
Interpretation. 
[15, 6 of 2021] 
[2, 29 of 2005] 
90A. In this Chapter, unless there is something repugnant in 
the subject or context - 
'bank' and 'banker' mean - 
(i)any company carrying on the business of 
bankers, 
(ii)any partnership or individual to whose 
books the provisions of this Chapter shall 
have been extended as hereinafter provided, 
(iii)any savings bank, post office savings 
bank, or money order office; 
'bankers’ books' include ledgers, day books, cash 
books, account books, and all other books used in the 
ordinary business of a bank and includes data stored 
by electronic, magnetic, optical or other means in an 
information system in the ordinary course of 
business of a bank; 
'certified copy' means a copy of any entry in the 
books of a bank, together with a certificate written at 
the foot of such copy that it is a true copy of 
such entry; that such entry is contained in one of 
the ordinary books of the bank, and was made in 
the usual and ordinary course of business; and that 
such book is still in the custody of the bank, such 
certificate being dated and subscribed by the 
principal accountant or manager of the bank with 
his name and official title and where the bankers' 
books consist of data stored by electronic, 
magnetic, optical or other means in an information 
system, includes a printout of such data together with 
an affidavit made in accordance with section 6 of the 
Evidence (Special Provisions) Act, No. 14 of 

1995, or such other document of certification as may 
be prescribed in terms of any law for the time being 
in force relating to the tendering of computer 
evidence before any court or tribunal. 
'company' shall have the same meaning assigned to it 
under the Companies Act, No. 7 of 2007. 
Power to extend 
provisions of 
chapter. 
[16, 6 of 2021] 
Mode of proof of 
entries in bankers’ 
books. 
Inspection of 
books by order of 
court or Judge. 
Case in which 
officer of bank not 
compellable to 
produce books. 
90B. 
90C. 
90D. 
90E. 
The Minister may from time to time, by notification in 
the Gazette, extend the provisions of this Chapter to the 
books of any partnership or individual carrying on the 
business of bankers within Sri Lanka, and keeping a set 
of not less than three ordinary account books, namely, a 
cash book, a day book or journal, and a ledger, and may 
in like manner rescind any such notification. 
Subject to the provisions of this Chapter, a certified copy of 
any entry in a banker's book shall in all legal proceedings 
be received as prima facie evidence of the existence of such 
entry, and shall be admitted as evidence of the matters, 
transactions, and accounts therein recorded in every case 
where, and to the same extent as the original entry itself is 
now by law admissible, but not further or otherwise. 
No officer of a bank shall, in any legal proceeding to which 
the bank is not a party, be compellable to produce any 
banker's book the contents of which can be proved under 
this Chapter, or to appear as a witness to prove the matters, 
transactions, and accounts therein recorded, unless by 
order of the court, or a Judge, made for special cause. 
(1)On the application of any party to a legal 
proceeding, the court or a Judge may order that such 
party be at liberty to inspect and take copies of any 
entries in a banker's book for any of the purposes of 
such proceeding, or may order the bank to prepare and 
produce, within a time to be specified in the  order, 
certified copies of all such entries, accompanied by a 
further certificate that no other entries  are to be 
found in the books of the bank 

relevant to the matters in issue in such proceeding,  
and such further certificate shall be dated and 
subscribed in manner herein before directed in 
reference to certified copies. 
(2)An order under this or the preceding section may 
be made either with or without summoning the 
bank, and shall be served on the bank three clear 
days (exclusive of bank holidays) before the same is 
to be obeyed, unless the court or Judge shall otherwise 
direct. 
(3)The bank may at any time, before the time limited 
for obedience to any such order as aforesaid, either 
offer to produce their books at the trial or give notice 
of their intention to show cause against such order, 
and thereupon the same shall not be enforced without 
further order. 
Costs. 90F. (1)The costs of any application to the court or a  
Judge under or for the purposes of this Chapter, and 
the costs of anything done or to be done under an  
order of the court or a Judge made under or for the 
purposes of this Chapter, shall be in the discretion of 
the court or Judge, who may further order such costs 
or any part thereof to be paid to any party by the 
bank if they have been incurred in consequence of 
any fault or improper delay on the part of the bank. 
(2)Any order made under this section for the 
payment of costs to or by a bank may be enforced 
as if the bank were a party to the proceeding. 
(3)Any order under this section awarding costs may, 
on application to any court of civil judicature 
designated in the order, be executed by such court as 
if the order were a decree of money passed by itself; 
CHAPTER VII 
OF THE EXCLUSION OF ORAL BY DOCUMENTARY 
EVIDENCE 
Evidence of terms 91. When the terms of a contract, or of a grant, or of any other 

of contracts, grants 
or other disposition 
of property 
reduced to form of 
document. 
[17, 6 of 2021] 
disposition of property have been reduced by or by 
consent of the parties to the form of a document, and in all 
cases in which any matter is required by law to be reduced to 
the form of a document, no evidence shall be given in proof 
of the terms of such contract. Grant, or other disposition of 
property, or of such matter, except the document itself, or 
secondary evidence of its contents in cases in which 
secondary evidence is admissible under the provisions 
herein before contained. 
Exception 1 
When a public officer is required by law to be 
appointed in writing, and when it is shown that any 
particular person has acted as such officer, the writing 
by which he is appointed need not be proved. 
Exception 2 
Wills admitted to probate in Sri Lanka may be proved 
by the probate. 
Explanation 1 
this section applies equally to cases in which the 
contracts, grants, or dispositions of property referred 
to are contained in one document, and to cases in which 
they are contained in more documents than one. 
Explanation 2 
Where there are more originals than one, one original 
only need be proved. Explanation 
Explanation 3 
The statement in any document whatever of a fact other 
than the facts referred to in this section shall not 
preclude the admission of oral evidence as to the 
same fact. 
Illustrations 
(a)If a contract be contained in several letters, all the 
letters in which it is contained must be proved. 

(b)If the contract is contained in a bill of exchange, the 
bill of exchange must be proved. 
(c)If a bill of exchange is drawn in a set of three, one 
only need be proved. 
(d)A contracts in writing with B for the delivery of 
plumbago upon certain terms. The contract mentions 
the fact that B had paid A the price of her plumbago 
contracted for verbally on another occasion. Oral 
evidence is offered that no payment was made for the 
other plumbago. The evidence is admissible. 
(e)A gives B a receipt for money paid by B. Oral 
evidence is offered of the payment. The evidence is 
admissible. 
Exclusion of 
evidence of oral 
agreement. 
92. When the terms of any such contract, grant, or other 
disposition of property, or any matter required by law to be 
reduced to the form of a document, have been proved 
according to the last section, no evidence of any oral 
agreement or statement shall be admitted as between the 
parties to any such instrument, or their representatives in 
interest, for the purpose of contradicting, varying, adding 
to, or subtracting from its terms. 
Proviso (1) - Any fact may be proved which would 
invalidate any document, or which would entitle any 
person to any decree or order relating thereto, such as 
fraud, intimidation, illegality, want of due execution, 
want of capacity in any, contracting party, the fact that 
it is wrongly dated, want or failure of consideration, 
or mistake in fact of law. 
Proviso (2) - The existence of any separate oral 
agreement as to any matter on which a document is 
silent, and which is not inconsistent with its terms, 
may be proved. In considering whether or not this 
proviso applies, the court shall have regard to the  
degree of formality of the document. 
Proviso (3) - The existence of any separate oral 
agreement constituting a condition precedent to the 
attaching of any obligation under any such contract, 
grant, or disposition of property may be proved. 

Proviso (4) - The existence of any distinct subsequent 
oral agreement to rescind or modify any such 
contract, grant, or disposition of property may be 
proved, except in cases in which such contract, grant,. 
Or disposition of property is by law required to be in 
writing, or has been registered according to the law in 
force for the time being as to the registration of 
documents. 
Proviso (5) - Any usage or custom by which 
incidents, not expressly mentioned in any contract, 
are usually annexed to contracts of that description,  
may be proved. Provided that the annexing of such 
incident would not be repugnant to, or inconsistent  
with, the express terms of the contract. 
Proviso (6) - Any fact may be proved which shows in 
what manner the language of a document is related to 
existing facts. 
Illustrations 
(a)A policy of insurance is effected on goods 'in 
ships from Colombo to London'. The goods are 
shipped in a particular ship which is lost. The 
fact that that particular ship was orally excepted 
from the policy cannot be proved. 
(b)A agrees absolutely in writing to pay B Rs. 
1,000 on the 1st of March, 1896. The fact that, at 
the same time, an oral agreement was made that 
money should not be paid till the 31st of March 
cannot be proved. 
(c)An estate called the 'Rampore estate' is sold 
by a deed which contains a map of the property 
sold. The fact that land not included in the map  
had always been regarded as part of the estate 
and was meant to pass by the deed cannot be 
proved. 
(d)A enters into a written contract with B to work 
certain mines, the property of B, upon 

certain terms. A was induced to do so by a 
misrepresentation of B' as to their value. This 
fact may be proved. 
(e)A institutes a suit against B for the specific 
performance of a contract, and also prays that the 
contract may be reformed as to one of its 
provisions, on the ground that the provision was 
inserted in it by mistake. A may prove that such a 
mistake was made as would by law entitle him to 
have the contract reformed. 
(f)A orders goods of B by a letter, in which 
nothing is said as to the time of payment, and 
accepts the goods on delivery. B sues A for the 
price. A may show that the goods were supplied on 
credit for a term still unexpired. 
(g)A sells B a horse a verbally warrants him 
sound. A gives B a paper in these words: 'Bought 
of A horse for 500'. B may prove the verbal 
warranty. 
(h)A hires lodgings of B, and gives B a card on 
which is written 'Rooms Rs. 200 a month'. A may 
prove a verbal agreement that these terms were 
to include partial board. A hires lodgings of B for a 
year, and a regularly stamped agreement 'drawn up 
by a notary is made between them. It is silent on 
the subject of board. A may not prove that board 
was included in the terms verbally. 
(i)A applies to B for a debt due to A by sending a 
receipt for the money. B keeps the receipt and does 
not send the money. In a suit for the amount A may 
prove this. 
(j)A and B made a contract in writing to take 
effect upon the happening of a certain contingency. 
The writing is left with B, who sues A upon it. A 
may show the circumstances under which it was 
delivered. 
Exclusion of 
evidence to explain 
93. When the language used in a document is on its face 
ambiguous or defective, evidence may not be given of 

or amend 
ambiguous 
document. 
facts which would show its meaning or supply its defects. 
Illustrations 
(a)A agrees in writing to sell a horse to B for 'Rs.  
1,000 or Rs. 1,500'. Evidence cannot be given to show 
which price was to be given. 
(b)A deed contains blanks. Evidence cannot be given 
of facts which would show how they were meant to 
be filled. 
Exclusion of 
evidence against 
application of 
document to 
existing facts. 
Evidence as to 
document 
unmeaning in 
reference to 
existing facts. 
Evidence as to 
application of 
language which 
can apply to one 
only of several 
persons. 
94. 
95. 
96. 
When language used in a document is plain in itself, and 
when it applies accurately to existing facts, evidence may not 
be given to show that it was not meant to apply to such facts. 
Illustrations 
A sells to B by deed 'My estate at Negombo containing 100 
acres'. A has an estate at Negombo containing 100 acres. 
Evidence may not be given of the fact that the estate meant 
was one situated at a different place and of a different size. 
When language used in a document is plain in itself, but is 
unmeaning in reference to existing facts, evidence may be 
given to show that it was used in a particular sense. 
Illustrations 
A sells to B by deed 'My house in Colombo'. A had no house 
in Colombo, but it appears that he had a house at Kotte of 
which B had been in possession since the execution of the 
deed. These facts may be proved to show that the deed 
related to the house at Kotte. 
When the facts are such that the language used might have 
been meant to apply to any one, and could not have been 
meant to apply to more than one of several persons or things, 
evidence may be given of facts which show which of those 
persons or things it was intended to apply to. 
Illustrations 
(a)A agrees to sell to B for Rs. 1,000 'My white horse', A 
has two white horses. Evidence may be given of facts 
which show which of them was meant. 
(b)A agrees to accompany B to Halifax. Evidence may be 

given of facts showing whether Halifax in Yorkshire or 
Halifax in Nova Scotia was meant. 
Evidence as to 
application of 
language to one of 
two sets of facts, to 
neither of which 
the whole correctly 
applies. 
Evidence as to 
meaning of illegible 
characters, &c. 
Who may give 
evidence of 
agreement varying 
terms of document. 
97. 
98. 
99. 
When the language used applies partly to one set of 
existing facts and partly to another set of existing facts, but 
the whole of it does not apply correctly to either, evidence 
may be given to show to which of the two it was meant to 
apply. 
Illustration 
A agrees to sell to B 'My land at X in the occupation of Y'. A 
has land at X, but not in the occupation of Y , and he has land 
in the occupation of Y , but it is not at X. Evidence may 
be given of facts showing which he meant to sell. 
Evidence may be given to show the meaning of illegible or 
not commonly intelligible characters, of foreign, obsolete, 
technical, local, and provincial expressions, of abbreviations, 
and of words used in a peculiar manner. 
Illustration 
A., a sculptor, agrees to sell to B 'All my mods'. A has both 
models and modeling tools. Evidence may be given to 
show which he meant to sell. 
Persons who are not parties to a document, or their 
representatives in interest, may give evidence of any facts 
tending to show a contemporaneous agreement, varying 
the terms of the document. 
Illustration 
A and B make a contract in writing that B shall sell A certain 
cotton, to be paid for on delivery. At the same time they 
make an oral agreement that three months credit shall be 
given to A. This could not be shown as between A and B, 
but it might be shown by C if it affected his interests. 
CHAPTER VIII 
ENGLISH LAW OF EVIDENCE WHEN IN FORCE 

What questions to 
be determined 
according to 
English Law of 
Evidence. 
[18, 6 of 2021] 
100. Whenever in a judicial proceeding a question of evidence 
arises not provided for by this Ordinance or by any other 
law in force in Sri Lanka, such question shall be determined 
in accordance with the English Law of Evidence for the 
time being. 
PART III 
PRODUCTION AND EFFECT OF EVIDENCE 
CHAPTER IX 
OF THE BURDEN OF PROOF 
Burden of proof. 101. Whoever desires any court to give judgment as to any 
legal right or liability dependent on the existence of facts 
which he asserts, must prove that those facts exist. 
When a person is bound to prove the existence of any 
fact, it is said that the burden of proof lies on that person. 
Illustrations 
(a)A desires a court to give judgment that B shall be 
punished for a crime which A says B has committed. A 
must prove that B has committed the crime. 
(b)A desires a court to give judgment that he is entitled to 
certain land in the possession of B by reason of facts 
which he asserts, and which B denies to be true. A must 
prove the existence of those facts. 
PART III 
PRODUCTION AND EFFECT OF EVIDENCE 
CHAPTER IX 
OF THE BURDEN OF PROOF 
On whom burden 
of proof lies. 
102. The burden of proof in a suit or proceeding lies on that 
person who would fail if no evidence at all were given on 
either side. 

Illustrations 
(a)A sues B for land of which B is in possession, and 
which, A asserts, was left to A by the will of C, B's 
father. If no evidence were given on either side, B 
would be entitled to retain his possession. Therefore 
the burden of proof is on A. 
(b)A sues B for money due on a bond. The execution 
of the bond is admitted, but B says that it was obtained 
by fraud, which A denies. If no evidence were given 
on either side, A would succeed, as the bond is not 
disputed, and the fraud is not proved. Therefore the 
burden of proof is on B. 
Burden of proof as 
to particular fact. 
Burden of proving 
fact necessary to be 
proved to make 
evidence 
admissible. 
Burden of proving 
that case of 
accused comes 
within exceptions. 
103. 
104. 
105. 
The burden of proof as to any particular fact lies on that 
person who wishes the court to believe in its existence, 
unless it is provided by any law that the proof of that fact 
shall lie on any particular person. 
Illustration 
A prosecutes B for theft, and wishes the court to believe  
that B admitted the theft to C. A must prove the 
admission. B wishes the court to believe that at the time 
in question, he was elsewhere. He must prove it. 
The burden of proving any fact necessary to be proved in 
order to enable any person to give evidence of any other  
fact is on the person who wishes to give such evidence. 
Illustrations 
(a)A wishes to prove a dying declaration by B. A 
must prove B' death. 
(b)A wishes to prove, by secondary evidence, the 
contents of a lost document. A must prove that the 
document has been lost. 
When a person is accused of any offence, the burden of 
proving the existence of circumstances bringing the case 
within any of the general exceptions in the Penal Code, or 
within any special exception or proviso contained in any 
other part of the same Code, or in any law defining the 
offence, is upon him, and the Court shall presume the 
absence of such circumstances. 

Illustrations 
(a)A, accused of murder, alleges that, by reason of 
unsoundness of mind, he did not know the nature of 
the act. The burden of the proof is on A. 
(b)A, accused of murder, alleges that, by grave and 
sudden provocation, he was deprived of the power of 
self-control. The burden of proof is on A. 
(c)Section 316 of the Penal Code provides that 
whoever, except in the case provided for by section 
326, voluntarily causes grievous hurt shall be subject 
to certain punishments. 
A is charged with voluntarily causing grievous hurt 
under section 316. 
The burden of proving the circumstances bringing 
the case under section 326 lies on A. 
Burden of proving 
fact especially 
within knowledge 
of any person. 
106. When any facts is especially within the knowledge of any 
person, the burden of proving that fact is upon him 
Illustrations 
(a)When a person does an act with some intention 
other than that which the character and circumstances 
of the act suggest, the burden of proving that 
intention is upon him. 
(b)A is charged with traveling on a railway without a 
ticket. The burden of proving that he had a ticket is 
on him. 
When the question is whether a man is alive or dead, and 
it is shown that he was alive within thirty years, the 
Burden of 
proving death of 
person known to 
have been alive 
within thirty 
years.
107
.
Burden of 
proving
108
.
that person is 
alive
who has not been
heard of for one
year.
[2, 10 of 1988]

burden of proving that he is dead is on the person who 
affirms it. 
Provided that when the question is whether a man is alive or 
dead, and it is proved that he has not been heard of for one 
year by those who would naturally have heard of him if he 
had been alive, the burden of proving that he is alive is 
shifted to the person who affirms it. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Burden of proof as 
to partnership, 
tenancy, and 
agency. 
Burden of proof as 
to ownership. 
109. 
110. 
When the question is whether persons are partners,  
landlord and tenant, or principal and agent, and it has 
been shown that they have been acting as such, the 
burden of proving that they do not stand, or have ceased 
to stand, to each other in those relationships respectively 
is on the person who affirms it. 
When the question is whether any person is owner of 
anything of which he is shown to be in possession, the 
burden of proving that he is not the owner is on the 
person who affirms that he is not the owner. 
Proof of good faith 111. 
in transactions 
where one party is 
in position of 
active confidence. 
[19, 6 of 2021] 
Where there is a question as to the good faith of a 
transaction between parties, one of whom stands to the  
other in a position of active confidence, the burden of 
proving the good faith of the transaction is on the party who 
is in a position of active confidence. 
Illustrations 
(a)The good faith of a sale by a client to an attorney-at-  
law is in question in a suit brought by the client. The  
burden of proving the good faith of the transaction is on 
the attorney-at-law. 
(b)The good faith of a sale by a son just come of age to a 
father is in question in a suit brought by the son. The  
burden of proving the good faith of the transaction is on 
the father. 
Birth during 
marriage conclusive 
proof of legitimacy. 
Presumption that a 
boy under twelve 
years cannot rape. 
112. 
113. 
The fact that any person was born during the continuance 
of a valid marriage between his mother and any man, or 
within two hundred and eighty days after its dissolution,  
the mother remaining unmarried, shall be conclusive 
proof that such person is the legitimate son of that man, 
unless it can be shown that that man had no access to the 
mother at any time when such person could have been 
begotten or that he was impotent. 
It shall be an irrebuttable presumption of the law that a 
boy under the age of twelve years is incapable of 
committing rape. 

Court may 
presume existence 
of certain facts. 
114. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it 
thinks likely to have happened, regard being had to the 
common course of natural events, human conduct, and 
public and private business in their relation to the facts of 
the particular case. 
Illustrations 
The Court may presume- (a) that a man who is in 
possession of stolen goods soon after the theft is either 
the thief or has received the goods knowing them to be 
stolen, unless he can account for his possession; 
(b)that an accomplice is unworthy of credit, unless he 
is corroborated in material particulars; 
(c)that a thing or state of things which has been 
shown to be in existence within a period shorter than 
that within which such thing or state of things 
usually ceases to exist is still in existence; 
(d)the judicial and official acts have been regularly 
performed; 
(e)that the common course of business has been 
followed in particular cases; 
(f)that evidence which could be and is not produced 
would if produced, be unfavourable to the person 
who withholds it; 
(g)that if a man refuses to answer a question which he 
is not compelled to answer by law, the answer, if 
given, would be unfavourable to him; 
(h)that when a document creating an obligation is in 
the hands of the obligor, the obligation has been 
discharged. 
But the Court shall also have regard to such facts as  
the following in considering whether such maxims 
do or do not apply to the particular case before it:- 
as to illustration (a) - A shopkeeper has in his 
till a marked rupee soon after it was stolen, and 
cannot account for its possession specifically, but 
is continually receiving rupees in the course of 
his business. 

as to illustration (b) - A, a person of the highest 
character, is tried for causing a man's death by 
an act of negligence in arranging certain 
machinery. B, a person of equally good character, 
who also took part in the arrangement, 
describes precisely what was done, and admits 
and explains the common carelessness of A and 
himself. 
as to illustration (b) - a crime is committed by 
several persons. A, B, and C, three of the 
criminals, are captured on the spot and kept 
apart from each other. Each gives an account of 
the crime implicating D, and the accounts 
corroborate each other in such a manner as to 
render previous concert highly improbable. 
as to illustration - It is proved that a river ran in 
a certain course five years ago, but it is known 
that there have been floods since that time 
which might change its course. 
as to illustration (d) - a judicial act, the 
regularity of which is in question, was  
performed under exceptional circumstances. 
as to illustration (e) - the question is, whether a 
letter was received. It is shown to have been 
posted, but the usual course of the post was 
interrupted by disturbances. 
as to illustration (f) - a man refuses to produce a 
document which would bear on a contract of 
small importance on which he is sued, but 
which might also injure the feelings and 
reputation of his family. 
as to illustration (g) - a man refuses to answer a 
question which he is not compelled by law to 
answer, but the answer to it might cause loss to 
him in matters unconnected with the matter in 
relation to which it is asked. 
as to illustration (h) - a bond is in possession of 
the obligor, but the circumstances of the case 
are such that he may have stolen it. 

CHAPTER X 
ESTOPPEL 
Estoppel. 115. When one person has by his declaration, act, or omission 
intentionally caused or permitted another person to 
believe a thing to be true and to act upon such belief,  
neither he nor his representative shall be allowed in any 
suit or proceeding between himself and such person or his 
representative to deny the truth of that thing. 
Illustrations 
A intentionally and falsely leads B to believe that a 
certain land belongs to A, and thereby induces B to buy and 
pay for it. 
The land afterwards becomes the property of A, and A seeks 
to set aside the sale, on the ground that at the time of the 
sale he had no title. He must not be allowed to prove 
his want of title. 
Estoppel of tenant 116. 
and of 
licensee of 
person in 
possession. 
No tenant of immovable property, or person claiming 
through such tenant, shall during the continuance of the 
tenancy, be permitted to deny that the landlord of such 
tenant had, at the beginning of the tenancy, a title to 
such immovable property; and 
no person who came upon any immovable property by the 
licence of the person in possession thereof shall be 
permitted to deny that such person had a title to such 
possession at the time when such licence was given. 
Estoppel of bailee, 
&c. 
117. No bailee, agent, or licensee shall be permitted to deny 
that the bailor, principal, or licensor, by whom any goods 
were entrusted to any of them respectively, was entitled to 
those goods at the time when they were so entrusted: 
Provided that any such bailee, agent, or licensee may 
show that he was compelled to deliver up any such goods to 
some person who had a right to them as against his bailor, 
principal, or licensor, or that his bailor, principal, 

or licensor wrongfully, and without notice to the bailee, 
agent, or licensee, obtained the goods from a third person, 
who has claimed them from such bailee, agent, or 
licensee. 
CHAPTER XI 
OF WITNESSES 
Who may testify. 
Dumb witnesses. 
Competent 
witnesses. 
118. 
119. 
120. 
All persons shall be competent to testify unless the Court 
considers that they are prevented from understanding the 
questions put to them, or from giving rational answers to 
those questions, by tender years, extreme old age, disease, 
whether of body or mind, or any other cause of the same 
kind. 
Explanation 
A person of unsound mind is not incompetent to testify 
unless he is prevented by his unsoundness of mind from 
understanding the questions put to him and giving rational 
answers to them. 
A witness who is unable to speak may give his evidence 
in any other manner in which he can make it intelligible, 
as by writing or by signs; but such writing must be 
written and the signs made in open court. Evidence so  
given shall be deemed to be oral evidence. 
(1)In all civil proceedings the parties in the suit and 
the husband or wife of any party to the suit shall be 
competent witnesses. 
(2)In criminal proceedings against any person the 
husband or wife of such person respectively shall be 
a competent witness if called by the accused, but in 
that case all communications between them shall  
cease to be privileged. 
(3)In criminal proceedings against a husband or wife 
for any bodily injury or violence inflicted on his or 
her wife or husband, such wife or husband 

shall be a competent and compellable witness. 
(4)In criminal proceedings against a husband or wife 
for any attempt to cause any bodily injury or violence 
on his or her wife or husband, such wife or husband 
shall be a competent witness for the prosecution. 
(5)In criminal proceedings against a husband or wife 
for an offence punishable under section 362B or 
362C of the Penal Code, the wife or husband of the 
accused shall be a competent witness for the 
prosecution. 
(6)In criminal trials the accused shall be a  
competent witness in his own behalf, and may give 
evidence in the same manner and with the like effect 
and consequences as any other witness, provided 
that, so far as the cross-examination relates to the 
credit of the accused, the court may limit the cross- 
examination to such extent as it thinks proper, 
although the proposed cross-examination might be 
permissible in the case of any other witness. 
Judges and 
Magistrates. 
121. No Judge or Magistrate shall, except upon special order 
of a Judge of a superior Court, be compelled to answer 
any questions as to his own conduct in Court as such 
Judge or Magistrate, or as to anything which came to his 
knowledge in court as such Judge or Magistrate; but he  
may be examined as to other matters which occurred in 
his presence while he was so acting. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, on his trial before the Supreme Court says that a 
deposition was improperly taken by B, the Magistrate. 
B cannot be compelled to answer questions as to this, 
except upon the special order of the Judge. 
(b)A is accused before the District Court of having 
given false evidence before B, a Magistrate. B 
cannot be asked what A said, except upon the special 
order of the District Judge. 
(c)A is accused  before  the  Supreme  Court  of 

attempting to murder a police officer whilst on his trial 
before B, a District Judge. B may be examined as to 
what occurred. 
Communications 
during marriage. 
Evidence as to 
affairs of State. 
Official 
communications. 
Information as to 
commission of 
offences. 
122. 
123. 
124. 
125. 
No person who is or has been married shall be compelled to 
disclose any communication made to him during marriage 
by any person to whom he is or has been married, nor 
shall he be permitted to disclose any such communication 
unless the person who made it, or his representative  in 
interest, consents, except in suits between married 
persons, or proceedings in which one married person is 
prosecuted for any crime committed against the other and 
except in cases mentioned in section 120 (2). 
No one shall be permitted to produce any unpublished 
official records relating to any affairs of State, or to give 
any evidence derived therefrom, except with the permission 
of the officer at the head of the department concerned, who 
shall give or withhold such permission as he thinks fit, 
subject, however, to the control of the Minister. 
No public officer shall be compelled to disclose 
communications made to him in official confidence when 
he considers that the public interests would suffer by the 
disclosure. 
No Magistrate or Police Officer shall be compelled to say 
whence he got the information as to the commission of 
any offence, and no revenue officer shall be compelled to 
say whence he got any information as to the commission 
of any offence against the public revenue or the excise laws. 
Explanation 
'Revenue Officer' in this section means any officer 
employed in or about the business of any branch of the 
public revenue, or in or about the business of any 
Government Farm. 
Professional 126. (1)No attorney-at-law, or notary shall at any time be 

communications. 
[20, 6 of 2021] 
permitted, unless with his client's express consent, to 
disclose any communication made to him in the course 
and for the purpose of his employment as such attorney- 
at-law, or notary by or on behalf of his client, or to state 
the contents or conditions of any document with which he 
has become acquainted in the course and for the purpose 
of his professional employment, or to disclose any advice 
given by him to his client in the course of and for the 
purpose of such employment: 
Provided that nothing in this section shall protect from 
disclosure - 
(a)any such communication made in 
furtherance of any illegal purpose; 
(b)any fact observed by any attorney-at-law, or 
notary in the course of his employment as such, 
showing that any crime or fraud has been 
committed since the commencement of his 
employment. 
(2)It is immaterial whether the attention of such attorney- 
at-law, or notary was or was not directed to such fact 
by or on behalf of his client. 
Explanation 
- The obligations stated in this section continues after the 
employment has ceased. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, a client says to B, a proctor, 'I have committed 
forgery, and I wish you to defend me.' As the defence of a 
man known to be guilty is not a criminal purpose, this 
communication is protected from disclosure. 
(b)A, a client, says to B, a proctor, 'I wish to obtain 
possession of property by the use of a forged deed, on 
which I request you to sue'. This communication, being 
made in furtherance of a criminal purpose, is not 
protected from disclosure. 
(c)A, being charged with embezzlement, retains B, a 
proctor, to defend him. In the course of the proceedings B 
observes that an entry has been made in A's account book 
charging A with the sum said to have been embezzled, 
which entry was not in the book at the commencement 
of 

his employment. This being a fact observed by B in the 
course of his employment, showing that a fraud has been 
committed since the commencement of the proceedings, 
it is not protected from disclosure. 
Section 126 to 
apply to clerks, and 
servants of 
advocates, proctors, 
and notaries. 
[21, 6 of 2021] 
Privilege not 
waived by 
volunteering 
evidence. 
[22, 6 of 2021] 
Confidential 
communications 
with legal advisers. 
Production of 
witness' title deeds. 
127. 
128. 
129. 
130. 
The provisions of section 126 shall apply to interpreters and 
the clerks or servants of attorneys-at-law, and notaries. 
If any party to a suit gives evidence therein at his own 
instance or otherwise, he shall not be deemed to have 
consented thereby to such disclosure as is mentioned in 
section 126, and if any party to a suit or proceeding calls 
any such attorney-at-law, or notary as a witness. He shall be 
deemed to have consented to such disclosure only if he 
questions such advocate, proctor, or notary on matters 
which but for such questions, he would not be at liberty to 
disclose. 
No one shall be compelled to disclose to the court any 
confidential communication which has taken place between 
him and his legal professional adviser, unless he offers 
himself as a witness, in which case he may be compelled to 
disclose any such communications as may appear to the 
court necessary to be known in order to explain any 
evidence which he has given, but no others. 
(1)No witness who is not party to a suit shall be 
compelled to produce his title deeds to any property, 
or any document in virtue of which he holds any 
property as pledgee or mortgagee, or any document  
the production of which might lead to criminate him, 
unless he has agreed in writing to produce them with 
the person seeking the production of such deeds or 
some person through whom he claims. By a party to 
the suit 
(2)No witness who is a party to the suit shall be 

bound to produce any document in his possession or 
power which is not relevant or material to the case 
of the party requiring its production. 
Bankers’ book 
(3)No bank shall be compelled to produce the books 
of such bank in any legal proceeding to which such 
bank is not a party, except as provided by section 90D. 
Who may not be 
compelled to 
produce 
documents. 
131. No one shall be compelled to produce documents in his 
possession which any other person would be entitled to 
refuse to produce if they were in his possession (except 
for the purpose of identification), unless such last- 
mentioned person consents to their production, nor shall any 
one who is entitled to refuse to produce a document be 
compelled to give oral evidence of its contents. 
Witness not 
excused from 
answering on 
ground that answer 
will criminate. [23, 
6 of 2021] 
132. 
Not liable 
for 
prosecution 
for such 
answer 
(1)A witness shall not be excused from answering 
any question as to any matter relevant to the matter 
in issue in any suit or in any civil or criminal 
proceeding upon the ground that the answer to 
such question will criminate or may tend 
directly or indirectly to criminate such witness, or 
that it will expose or tend directly or indirectly to 
expose such witness to a penalty or forfeiture of 
any kind, or that it will establish or tend to 
establish that he owes a debt, or is otherwise 
subject to a civil suit at the instance of the State 
or of any other person. 
(2)No answer which a witness shall be compelled 
by the Court to give shall subject him to any arrest 
or prosecution, or to be proved against him in any 
criminal proceeding, except a prosecution for  
giving false evidence by such answer. Court shall 
explain subsection (2). 
(3)Before compelling a witness to answer a 
question the answer to which will criminate or 
may tend directly or indirectly to criminate such 
witness, the court shall explain to the witness the 
purport of the last preceding subsection. 

Accomplice. 
Number of 
witnesses. 
133. 
134. 
An accomplice shall be a competent witness against an 
accused person, and a conviction is not illegal merely 
because it proceeds upon the uncorroborated testimony of 
an accomplice. 
No particular number of witnesses shall in any case be 
required for the proof of any fact. 
CHAPTER XII 
OF THE EXAMINATION OF WITNESSES 
Order of 
production and 
examination of 
witnesses 
Judge to decide as 
to admissibility of 
evidence. 
135. 
136. 
The order in which witnesses are produced and examined 
shall be regulated by the law and practice for the time being 
relating to civil and criminal procedure respectively and, in 
the absence of any such law, by the discretion of the Court. 
(1)When either party proposes to give evidence of  
any fact, the Judge may ask the party proposing to  
give the evidence in what manner the alleged fact, if 
proved, would be relevant; and the Judge shall admit 
the evidence if he thinks that the fact, if proved, would 
be relevant, and not otherwise. 
(2)If the fact proposed to be proved is one of which 
evidence is admissible only upon proof of some 
other fact, such last mentioned fact must be proved 
before evidence is given of the fact first mentioned, 
unless the party undertakes to give proof of such 
fact, and the Court is satisfied with such undertaking. 
(3)If the relevancy of one alleged fact depends upon 
another alleged fact being first proved, the Judge 
may in his discretion either permit evidence of the first 
fact to be given before the second fact is proved, or 
require evidence to be given of the second fact before 
evidence is given of the first fact. 
Illustrations 
(a)It is proposed to prove a statement about a 

relevant fact by a person alleged to be dead, 
which statement is relevant under section 32. The 
fact that the person is dead must be proved by the 
person proposing to prove the statement before 
evidence is given of the statement. 
(b)It is proposed to prove by a copy the  
contents of a document said to be lost. The fact 
that the original is lost must be proved by the 
person proposing to produce the copy before 
the copy is produced. 
(c)A is accused of receiving stolen property 
knowing it to have been stolen. It is proposed to 
prove that he denied the possession of the 
property. The relevancy of the denial depends 
on the identity of the property. The Court may 
in its discretion either require the property to be 
identified before the denial of the possession is 
proved, or permit the denial of the possession to 
be proved before the property is identified. 
(d)It is proposed to prove a fact (a) which is said 
to have been the cause or effect of a fact in issue. 
There are several intermediate facts, (b), (c), and 
(d), which must be shown to exist before the 
fact (a) can be regarded as the cause or effect of 
the fact in issue. The Court may either permit (a) 
to be proved before (b), (c), or 
(d) is proved, or may require proof of (a), (b), (c), 
and (d) before permitting proof of (a). 
Examination-in- 
chief. 
Order of 
examination. 
137. 
138. 
Cross- 
examination. 
Re- 
examination. 
(1)The examination of a witness by the party who 
calls him shall be called his examination-in- 
chief. 
(2)The examination of a witness by the adverse 
party shall be called his cross-examination. 
(3)The examination of a witness subsequent to the 
cross-examination by the party who called him, 
shall be called his re-examination. 
(1)Witness shall be first examined-in-chief, then 
(if the adverse party so desires) cross-
examined, 

Examination 
and cross- 
examination. 
Re- 
examination. 
Further 
examination 
and cross- 
examination. 
then (if the party calling him so desires) re- 
examined. 
(2)The examination and cross-examination must 
relate to relevant facts, but the cross-examination 
need not be confined to the facts to which the 
witness testified on his examination-in-chief. 
(3)The re-examination shall be directed to the 
explanation of matters referred to in cross- 
examination and if new matter is, by permission 
of the Court, introduced in re-examination, the 
adverse party may further cross-examine upon 
that matter. 
(4)The Court may in all cases permit a witness to 
be recalled either for further examination-in-chief 
or for further cross-examination, and if it does so 
the parties have the right of further cross- 
examination and re-examination respectively. 
Cross-examination 
of person called to 
produce a 
document. 
Witnesses to 
character. 
Leading questions. 
When leading 
questions must not 
be asked. 
When leading 
questions may be 
asked in cross- 
examination. 
139. 
140. 
141. 
142. 
143. 
A person summoned to produce a document does not 
become a witness by the mere fact that he produces it, 
and cannot be cross-examined unless and until he is 
called as a witness. 
Witnesses to character may be cross-examined and re- 
examined. 
Any question suggesting the answer which the person 
putting it wishes or expects to receive is called a leading 
question. 
Leading questions must not, if objected to by the adverse 
party, be asked in an examination-in-chief or in a re- 
examination, except with the permission of the Court. 
(1)Leading questions may be asked in cross 
examinations, subject to the following qualifications 
:- (a) the question must not put into the mouth of the 
witness the very words which he is to echo back again 
; and (b) the question must not assume that facts have 
been proved (c) which have not been 

Court 
may 
prohibit 
leading 
question. 
proved, or that particular answers have been given 
contrary to the fact. 
(2)The Court in its discretion may prohibit leading 
questions from being put to a witness who shows a 
strong interest or bias in favor of the cross- 
examination party. 
Evidence as to 
matters in writing. 
144. Any witness may be asked, whilst under examination 
whether any contract, grant, or other disposition of property 
as to which he is giving evidence, was not contained in a 
document, and if he says that it was, or if he is about to 
make any statement as to the contents of any document 
which, in the opinion of the court, ought to be produced, 
the adverse party may object to such evidence being 
given until such document is produced, or until facts have 
been proved which entitle the party who called the witness 
to give secondary evidence of it. 
Explanation 
A witness may give oral evidence of statements made by 
other persons about the contents of documents if such 
statements are in themselves relevant facts. 
Illustration 
The question is whether A assaulted B, C. deposes that he 
heard A say to D, 'B wrote a letter accusing me of theft, 
and I will be revenged on him:. This statement is relevant as 
showing A' motive for the assault, and evidence may be 
given of it, though no other evidence is given about the 
letter. 
Cross-examination 
as to previous 
statements in 
writing. 
145. 
As to 
proof of 
(1)A witness may be cross-examined as to previous 
statements made by him in writing or reduced into 
writing and relevant to matters in question without 
such writing being shown to him, or being proved; 
but if it is intended to contradict him by the writing, 
his attention must, before the writing can be proved, 
be called to those parts of it which are to be used for 
the purpose of contradicting him. 
(2)If a witness, upon cross-examination as to a 
previous oral statement made by him relevant 
to 

previous 
statement. 
matters in question in the suit or proceeding in 
which he is cross-examined and inconsistent with 
his present testimony, does not distinctly admit that he 
made such statement, proof may be given that he did 
in fact make it; but before such proof can be given 
the circumstances of the supposed statement 
sufficient to designate the particular occasion must 
be mentioned to the witness, and he must be asked 
whether or not he made such a statement. 
Questions lawful in 146. 
cross-examination. 
When a witness is cross-examined, he may, in addition to 
the questions herein before referred to, be asked any 
questions which tend- 
(a)to test his accuracy, veracity, or credibility; 
(b)to discover who he is, and what is his position in 
life; or 
(c)to shake his credit, by injuring his character; 
When witness to be 147. 
compelled to 
answer. 
If any such question relates to a matter relevant to the suit 
or proceeding, the provisions of section 132 shall apply 
thereto. 
Court to decide 
when witness shall 
be compelled to 
answer. 
148. (1)If any such question relates to a matter not relevant to 
the suit or proceeding, except in so far as it affects the  
credit of the witness by injuring his character, the court 
shall decide whether or not the witness shall be 
compelled to answer it, and may, if it thinks fit, warn the 
witness that he is not obliged to answer it. 
(2)In exercising its discretion, the court shall have regard 
to the following considerations: 
(a)such questions are proper if they are of such a 
nature that the truth of the imputation conveyed by 
them would seriously affect the opinion of the court as 
to the credibility of the witness on the matter to which 
he testifies; 
(b)such questions are improper if the imputation 
which they convey relates to matters so remote in 
time, or of such a character that the truth of the 
imputation would not affect, or would affect in a slight 
degree, the opinion of the court as to the 

credibility of the witness on the matter to which he 
testifies; 
(c)such questions are improper if there is a great 
disproportion between the importance of the 
imputation made against the witness' character and the 
importance of his evidence; 
(d)the court may, if it sees fit, draw from the witness' 
refusal to answer the inference that the  answer if 
given would be unfavourable. 
Question not to be 
asked without 
reasonable 
grounds. 
[24, 6 of 2021] 
Procedure of court 
in case of question 
being asked 
without reasonable 
grounds. 
[25, 6 of 2021] 
149. 
150. 
No such question as is referred to in section 148 ought to 
be asked unless the person asking it has reasonable 
grounds for thinking that the imputation which it conveys 
is well founded. 
Illustrations 
(a)An attorney-at-law is instructed that an important 
witness is a thief. This is a reasonable ground for 
asking the witness whether he is a thief. 
(b)An Attorney-at-law is informed by a person in 
court that an important witness is a professional 
gambler. The informant, on being questioned by the 
Attorney-at-Law, gives satisfactory reasons for his 
statement. This is a reasonable ground for asking the 
witness whether he is a professional gambler. 
(c)A witness, of whom nothing whatever is known, 
is asked at random whether he is a thief. There are here 
no reasonable grounds for the question. 
(d)A witness of whom nothing whatever is known, 
being questioned as to his mode of life and means of 
living, gives unsatisfactory answers. This may be a 
reasonable ground for asking if he is a professional 
gambler. 
If the court is of opinion that any such question was asked 
without reasonable grounds, it may, if it was asked by any 
attorney-at-law, report the circumstances of the case to the 
Supreme Court or other authority to which such attorney- at-
law is subject in the exercise of his profession. 

Indecent and 
scandalous 
questions. 
151. The court may forbid any questions or inquiries which it 
regards as indecent or scandalous, although such 
questions or inquiries may have some bearing on the 
questions before the court, unless they relate to facts in 
issue, or to matters necessary to be known in order to 
determine whether or not the facts in issue existed. 
Questions intended 152. 
to insult or annoy. 
The court shall forbid any question which appears to it to be 
intended to insult or annoy, or which, though proper in 
itself, appears to the court needlessly offensive in form. 
Exclusion of 
evidence to 
contradict answers 
to questions testing 
veracity. 
153. When a witness has been asked and has answered any 
question which is relevant to the inquiry only in so far as 
it tends to shake his credit by injuring his character, no 
evidence shall be given to contradict him; but if he 
answers falsely, he may afterwards be charged with 
giving false evidence. 
Exception 1 
If a witness is asked whether he has been previously 
convicted of any crime and denies it, evidence may 
be given of his previous conviction. 
Exception 2 
If a witness is asked any question intending to  
impeach his impartiality, and answers it by denying  
the fact suggested, he may be contradicted. 
Illustrations 
(a)A claim against an underwriter is resisted on the 
ground of fraud. The claimant is asked whether, in a 
former transaction, he had not made a fraudulent 
claim. He denies it. Evidence is offered to show that 
he did not make such a claim. The evidence is 
inadmissible. 
(b)A witness is asked whether he was not dismissed 
from a situation for dishonesty, he denies it. 
Evidence is offered to show that he was dismissed 
for dishonesty. The evidence is not admissible. 
(c)A affirms that on a certain day he saw B at Jaffna. 
A is asked whether he himself was not on that day at 

Colombo. He denies it. Evidence is offered to show 
that A was on that date at Colombo. The evidence is 
admissible, not as contradicting A on a fact which 
affects his credit, but as contradicting the alleged 
fact that B was seen on the day in question in Jaffna. 
In each of these cases the witness might, if his denial 
was false, be charged with giving false evidence. 
(d)A is tried for a rape on B, B is asked in cross- 
examination whether she has not had illicit intercourse 
with C and D. She denies it. Evidence is offered  to 
show that she has had such intercourse with C and 
D. The evidence is not admissible. 
(e)A is asked whether he has not said that he would be 
revenged on B, against whom he gives evidence. He 
denies it. He may be contradicted on the ground that 
the question tends to impeach his impartiality. 
Question by party 
to his own witness. 
Impeaching credit 
of witness. 
154. 
155. 
The court may in its discretion permit the person who 
calls a witness to put any question to him which might be 
put in cross-examination by the adverse party. 
The credit of a witness may be impeached in the 
following ways by the adverse party or, with the consent 
of the court, by the party who calls him :- 
(a)by the evidence of persons who testify that they, 
from their knowledge of the witness, believe him to 
be unworthy of credit ; 
(b)by the proof that the witness has been bribed or has 
accepted the offer of a bribe, or has received any other 
corrupt inducement to give his evidence ; 
(c)by proof of former statements inconsistent with  
any part of his evidence which is liable to be 
contradicted ; 
(d)when a man is prosecuted for rape or an attempt 
to ravish, it may be shown that the prosecutrix was of 
generally immoral character. 
Explanation 
A witness declaring another witness to be unworthy of 
credit  may  not,  upon  his  examination-in-chief  give 

reasons for his belief, but he may be asked his reasons in 
cross-examination, and the answers which he gives cannot 
be contradicted, though, if they are false, he may afterwards 
be charged with giving false evidence. 
Illustrations 
(a)A sues B for the price of goods sold and delivered to 
B. C says that he delivered the goods to B. Evidence is 
offered to show that, on a previous occasion, he said that 
he had not delivered the goods to B. The evidence is 
admissible. 
(b)A is indicted for the murder of B. C says that B, when 
dying, declared that A had given B the wound of which he 
died. Evidence is offered to show that, on a previous 
occasion, C said that the wound was not given by A or in his 
presence. The evidence is admissible. 
Questions tending 
to corroborate 
evidence of 
relevant fact 
admissible. 
Former statement 
of witness may be 
proved to 
corroborate later 
testimony as to 
same facts. 
What matters may 
be proved in 
156. 
157. 
158. 
When a witness whom it is intended to corroborate gives 
evidence of any relevant fact, he may be questioned as to 
any other circumstances which he observed at or near to the 
time or place at which such relevant fact occurred. If the 
court is of opinion that such circumstances, if proved, 
would corroborate the testimony of the witness as to the 
relevant fact which he testifies. 
Illustrations 
A, an accomplice, gives an account of a robbery in which 
he took part. He describes various incidents unconnected 
with the robbery which occurred on his way to and from the 
place it was committed. 
Independent evidence of these facts may be given in order 
to corroborate his evidence as to the robbery itself. 
In order to corroborate the testimony of a witness, any 
former statement made by such witness, whether written 
or verbal, relating to the same fact at or about the time  
when the fact took place or before any authority legally 
competent to investigate the fact, may be proved. 
Whatever any statement relevant under section 32 or 33 is 
proved, all matters may be proved either in order to 

connection with 
proved statement 
relevant under 
section 32 or 33. 
contradict or to corroborate it, or in order to impeach or 
confirm the credit of the person by whom it was made, 
which might have been proved if that person had been 
called as a witness and had denied upon cross- examination 
the truth of the matter suggested. 
By writing made 
by another 
159. 
When 
witness may 
use copy of 
document to 
refresh 
memory. By 
professional 
treaties. 
Refreshing 
memory. 
(1)A witness may, while under examination, 
refresh his memory by referring to any writing 
made by himself at the time of the transaction 
concerning which he is questioned or so soon 
afterwards that the court considers it likely that 
the transaction was at that time fresh in his  
memory. 
(2)The witness may also refer to any such writing 
made by any other person, and read by the witness 
within the time aforesaid, if when he read it he  
knew it to be correct. 
(3)Whenever a witness may refresh his memory by 
reference to any document, he may, with the 
permission of the court, refer to a copy of such 
document. Provided the court be satisfied that 
there is sufficient reason for the non-production 
of the original. 
(4)An expert may refresh his memory by 
reference to professional treaties. 
Testimony to facts 
stated in document 
mentioned in 
section. 
160. A witness may also testify to facts mentioned in any such 
document as is mentioned in section 159, although he has 
no specific recollection of the facts themselves, if he is 
sure that the facts were correctly recorded in the 
document. 
Illustrations 
A Book-keeper may testify to facts recorded by him in 
books regularly kept in the course of business, if he knows 
that the books were correctly kept, although he has forgotten 
the particular transactions entered. 

Right of adverse 
party as to writing 
used to refresh 
memory. 
161. Any writing referred to under the provisions of the two 
last preceding sections must be produced and shown to 
the adverse party if he requires it; such party may, if he 
pleases, cross-examine the witness thereupon. 
Production of 
documents 
162. 
Court may 
take 
evidence to 
enable it to 
determine 
admissibility 
of document 
Translation 
of 
documents. 
(1)A witness summoned to produce a document 
shall, if it is in his possession or power, bring it to 
Court, notwithstanding any objection which there 
may be to its production or to its admissibility. 
The validity of any such objection shall be 
decided on by the court. 
(2)The court, if it sees fit, may inspect the 
document, unless it refers to matters of State, or 
take other evidence to enable it to determine 
on its admissibility. 
(3)If for such a purpose it is necessary to cause 
any document to be translated, the court may, if 
it thinks fit, direct the translator to keep the 
contents secret, unless the document is to be 
given in evidence, and if the interpreter disobeys 
such direction he shall be held to have committed 
an offence under section 162 of the Penal Code. 
Video recorded 
interview with a 
child may be given 
in evidence 
[4, 32 of 1999] 
163A. (1)In any proceedings for an offence relating to 
child abuse a video recording of a preliminary 
interview which - 
(a)is conducted between an adult and a child 
who is not the accused in such proceeding 
(hereinafter referred to in this section as 'a child 
witness'); and 
(b)relates to any matter in issue in those 
proceedings. May notwithstanding the 
provisions of any other law with the leave of  
the court, be given in evidence in so far as it is 
not excluded by court under sub-section (2). 
(2)Where a video recording is tendered in evidence  
in  any  proceedings  referred  to  in 

subsection (1) the court shall give leave under that 
subsection unless - 
(a)it appears to court, that the child witness 
will not be available for cross examination in 
such proceedings; or 
(b)any rules of court requiring the disclosure 
of the circumstances in which the video 
recording was made have not been complied 
with to the satisfaction of the court. 
(3)Where a video recording is given in evidence 
under this section - 
(a)the child witness shall be called by the  
party who tendered the video recording in 
evidence; 
(b)such child witness shall not be examined 
in chief on any matter which in the opinion of 
the court, has been dealt with in his recorded 
testimony. 
(4)Where a video recording is given in evidence 
under this section any statement made by the child 
witness which is disclosed by the video recording 
shall be treated as if given by that child witness in 
direct oral testimony and accordingly, any such 
statement shall be admissible evidence of any fact 
of which direct oral testimony from his would be 
admissible. 
(5)Where the child witness, in the course of his 
direct oral testimony before court, contradicts, 
either expressly or by necessary implication, any 
statement previously made by him and disclosed 
by the video recording, it shall be lawful for the 
presiding Judge, if he considers it safe and just in 
all the circumstances of the case, to act upon such 
previous statement as disclosed by the video 
recording, if such previous statement is 
corroborated in material particulars by evidence from 
an independent source. 
For the purposes of this section - 

(a)'an offence relating to child abuse' means an 
offence under sections 286A, 308A, 360A, 
360B, 360C, 363, 364A, 365, 365A, or 365B 
of the Penal Code when committed in relation 
to a child; 
(b)'child' means a person under eighteen years 
of age, at the time when the preliminary 
interview is video recorded; 
(c)'video recording' means any recording in 
any medium, from which a moving image 
may by any means be produced and includes  
the accompanying sound track. 
Using as evidence, 
of document 
production of 
which was refused 
on notice. 
164. When a party refuses to produce a document which he has 
had notice to produce, he cannot afterwards use the 
document as evidence without the consent of the other party 
or the order of court. 
Illustrations 
A sues B on an agreement, and gives B notice to produce 
it. At the trial A calls for the document and B refuses to 
produce it. A gives secondary evidence of its contents. B 
seeks to produce the document itself to contradict the 
secondary evidence given by A, or in order to show that 
the agreement is not stamped. He cannot do so. 
Judge' power to put 165. 
questions or order 
production. 
The Judge may, in order to discover or to obtain proper 
proof of relevant facts, ask any question he pleases, in 
any form, at any time, of any witness, or of the parties, 
about any fact relevant or irrelevant; and may order the 
production of any document or thing; and neither the parties 
nor their agents shall be entitled to make any objection to 
any such question or order, nor, without the leave of the 
court, to cross-examine any witness upon any answer given 
in reply to any such question: 
Provided that the judgment must be based upon facts 
declared by this Ordinance to be relevant and duly 
proved; 
Provided also that this section shall not authorize any Judge 
to compel any witness to answer any question, or to 
produce any document, which such witness would be 

entitled to refuse to answer or produce under sections 121 
to 131 both inclusive, if the question were asked or the 
document were called for by the adverse party; nor shall the 
Judge ask any question which it would be improper for 
any other person to ask under section 148 or 149; nor shall 
he dispense with primary evidence of any document, 
excepting the cases herein before excepted. 
Power of Jury or 
assessors to put 
questions. 
166. In cases tried by jury or with assessors, the jury or assessors 
may put any questions to the witnesses, through or by leave 
of the Judge, which the Judge himself might put, and which 
he considers proper. 
CHAPTER XIII 
OF IMPROPER ADMISSION AND REJECTION OF 
EVIDENCE 
No New trial for 
improper 
admission or 
rejection of 
evidence. 
167. The improper admission or rejection of evidence shall not 
be ground of itself for a new trial or reversal of any 
decisions in any case, if it shall appear to the court before 
which such objection is raised that, independently of the 
evidence objected to and admitted, there was sufficient 
evidence to justify the decision, or that, if the rejected 
evidence had been received, it ought not to have varied 
the decision.