PENAL CODE 
AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE A GENERAL PENAL CODE FOR SRI LANKA. 
Ordinance Nos, 
11 of 1887 
2 of 1883 
13 of 1888 
13 of 1890 
3 of 1892 
11 of 1895 
15 of 1898 
16 of 1898 
5 of 1903 
10 of 1903 
12 of 1906 
10 of 1909 
10 of 1910 
26 of 1912 
7 of 1915 
16 of 1918 
21 of 1919 
25 of 1919 
5 of 1924 
19 of 1926 
23 of 1937 
29 of 1938 
50 of 1939 
54 of 1939 
62 of 1939 
19 of 1941 
6 of 1944 
12 of 1945 
40 of 1945 
37 of 1946 

Act Nos, 
6 of 1968 
50 of 1980 
32 of 1991 
22 of 1995 
29 of 1998 
12 of 2002 
16 of 2006 
10 of 2018 
5 of 2021 
25 of 2021 
CHAPTER I 
Short title. 1.This Ordinance may be cited as the Penal Code, and is generally 
referred to hereinafter as ' this Code'. 
Liability for 
offences under the 
Code. 
[2, 16 of 2006] 
[2, 32 of 1991] 
2.(1) Every person shall be liable to punishment under this Code, and not 
otherwise, for every act or omission committed 
(a)wholly or partly within Sri Lanka ; 
(b)within the territorial waters or air space of Sri Lanka ; 
(c)on board any ship or aircraft registered in Sri Lanka, wherever 
it may be at the time of the commission of such act or such omission 
; 
(d)within the premises of a Sri Lankan mission or the residence 
of the Head of such mission, diplomatic agent or any other 
member of such mission, situated outside Sri Lanka ; or 
(e)within any premises occupied on behalf of, or under the 
control of, the Government of Sri Lanka, or any statutory body 
established in Sri Lanka and situated outside Sri Lanka, 
(2)A national of Sri Lanka shall be liable to punishment under this 
Code and not otherwise, for every act or omission contrary to the 
provisions thereof, committed outside Sri Lanka of which he shall be 
guilty, whether or not such national enjoys diplomatic immunity in 
respect of such act or omission, which is granted by a foreign State by 
reason of his diplomatic status in such State. 
(3)Nothing in this section shall be construed, as affecting the liability 
of any Sri Lankan national under the laws of the country in which such 
act was one or omitted to be done in respect of such act or omission 

Roman-Dutch 
Criminal Law 
abolished. 
[2, 5 of 2021] 
3.So much of the Criminal Law heretofore administered in Sri Lanka as 
is known as the 'Criminal Law of the United Provinces' or as 'the Roman-
Dutch Law ' is hereby abolished.
 
Certain laws not to 
be affected. 
4.Nothing in this Code is intended to repeal, vary, suspend, or affect any 
of the provisions of any special or local law, or to affect the power 
heretofore possessed by the Supreme Court or any Judge thereof of 
summarily punishing persons guilty of Contempts of the said court, 
and attorneys-at-law guilty of misconduct in the exercise of their 
profession. 
CHAPTER II 
GENERAL EXPLANATIONS 
Definition to be 
understood subject 
to exceptions. 
5.Throughout this code every definition of an offence, every penal 
provision, and every illustration of every exception's. such definition or 
penal provision shall be understood subject to the exceptions contained in 
Chapter IV , untitled 'General Exceptions M, though these exceptions are 
not repeated in such definition, penal provision or illustration. 
Illustrations 
(a)The sections in this Code which contain definitions of offences do not 
express that a child under eight years of age cannot commit such 
office; but the definition are to be understood subject to the general 
exception which provides that nothing shall be an offence which is 
done by a child under eight years of age. 
(b)A, a police officer, without warrant, apprehends Z. who has 
committed murder. Here A is not guilty of the offence of wrongful 
confinement, for he was bound by law to apprehend Z. and 
therefore the case falls within the general exception which provides that 
'nothing is an offence which is done by a person who is bound by law 
to do it '. 
Expression once 
explained is used 
in the same sense 
throughout the 
Code. 
Gender. 
6.
Every expression which is explained in any part of this Code is used 
in every part of this Code in conformity with the explanation. 
7. The pronoun ' he ' and its derivatives are used of any person, 

whether male or female. 
Number. 
"Man". "Women". 
"Person". 
"Public". 
Republic. 
[4, 5 of 2021] 
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
Unless the contrary appear from the context, words 
importing the singular number include the plural number, 
and words importing the plural number include the singular 
number. 
The word 'man' denotes a male human being of any age; 
the word 'woman' denotes a female human being of any age. 
The word ' person' includes any company or association 
or body of persons, whether incorporated or not. 
The word 'public' includes any class of the public or any 
community 
The word 'Republic' denotes the Democratic Socialist 
Republic of Sri Lanka. 
Repealed 
[5, 5 of 2021] 
13.Repealed Section 
Government 
[6, 5 of 2021] 
"This Island" and 
"Sri Lanka" 
[7, 5 of 2021] 
President 
[8, 5 of 2021] 
"Judge". 
14.
15.
16.
17.
The word 'Government', where no other meaning is indicated 
by any descriptive or qualifying words or by the context, and 
the expression 'the Sri Lanka Government' or 'the 
Government of Sri Lanka' shall mean the Government 
constituted by the Constitution of the Democratic Socialist 
Republic of Sri Lanka, 1978. 
The words 'this Island' and 'Sri Lanka' denote 
respectively, the Island of Sri Lanka. 
The word 'President' shall mean the President of the 
Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and shall include 
any person duly appointed or designated to exercise, 
perform and discharge the powers, duties and functions of 
his office. 
The word 'Judge' not only denotes every person who is 

[9, 5 of 2021] officially designated as a judge, but also every person who 
is empowered by law to give, in any legal proceeding, civil 
or criminal, a definitive judgment, or a Judgment which, if 
not appealed against, would be definitive, or a judgment 
which, if confirmed by some other authority, would be 
definitive, or who is one of a body of persons, which body 
of persons is empowered by law to give such a judgment. 
Illustrations 
(a)A Magistrate exercising jurisdiction in respect of a 
charge on which he has power to sentence to fine or 
imprisonment is a judge. 
(b)Omitted by [9, 5 of 2021] 
(c)A juror at a trial before the High Court is a judge. 
(d)A Magistrate exercising Jurisdiction in respect of a 
charge on which he has power only to commit for trial to 
another court is not a judge; but a Magistrate when 
exercising jurisdiction in requiring persons to give security 
to keep the peace, or for good behaviour, is a judge. 
" Court of Justice". 18. The words ' Court of Justice ' denote a judge who is 
empowered by law to act Judicially alone, or a body of 
judges which is empowered by law to act judicially as a 
body, when such judge or body of judges is acting judicially. 
"Election". [2, 
5 of 2021] 
[10, 5 of 2021] 
"Public servant". 
[11, 5 of 2021] 
18A. 
19. 
The word 'election' denotes any election for any purpose 
whatsoever held under or by virtue of any enactment of 
the legislature of Sri Lanka or under the Sri Lanka 
(Parliamentary Elections) Order in Council, 1946 or any 
rules or regulations made thereunder. 
The words 'public servant' denote a person falling under 
any of the descriptions hereinafter following, namely:- 
Firstly - Every person holding any office in Sri Lanka by 
virtue of any commission or warrant or other act of 
appointment, granted or made by the President or under the 
President’s authority. 
Secondly - Every member of the Sri Lanka Administrative 
Service. 
Thirdly - Every commissioned officer in the naval, military 

or air forces of the Republic of Sri Lanka. 
Fourthly - Every judge. 
Fifthly - Every officer of a Court of Justice whose duty it 
is, as such officer, to investigate or report on any matter of 
law or fact, or to make, authenticate, or keep any 
document, or to take charge or dispose of any property, or 
to execute any judicial process, or to administer any oath, 
or to interpret, or to preserve order in the court, and every 
person specially authorized by a Court of Justice to 
perform any of such duties. 
Sixthly - Every juryman or assessor assisting a Court of 
Justice or a public servant. 
Seventhly - Every arbitrator or other person to whom any 
cause or matter has been referred for decision or report by 
any Court of Justice, or by any other competent public 
authority. 
Eighthly - Every person who holds an office by virtue of 
which he is empowered to place or keep any person in 
confinement. 
Ninthly - Every officer of Government whose duty it is, as 
such officer, to prevent offences, to give information of 
offences, to bring offenders to justice, or to protect the public 
health, safety, or convenience. 
Tenthly - Every officer whose duty it is, as such officer, to 
take, receive, keep, or expend any property on behalf of 
Government or to make any survey, assessment, or contract 
on behalf of Government, or to investigate or to report on  
any matter affecting the pecuniary interests of Government, 
or to make, authenticate, or keep any document, relating to 
the pecuniary interests of Government, or to prevent the 
infraction of any law for the protection of the pecuniary 
interests of Government, and every officer in the service or 
pay of Government or remunerated by fees or commission 
for the performance of any public duty. 
Eleventhly - Every officer whose duty it is, as such officer, to 
take, receive, keep, or expend any property, to make any 
survey or assessment, or to levy any rate or tax for any 
secular common purpose of any village, town, or district, 

or to make, authenticate, or keep any document for the 
ascertaining of the rights of the people of any village, 
town, or district. 
Twelthly - Every person who is empowered to prepare, 
publish, maintain, or revise an electoral roll or to conduct 
an election or part of an election. 
Illustrations 
A Municipal Inspector is a public servant. 
A Superintending Engineer under the Thoroughfares 
Ordinance, is a public servant. 
A Fiscal is a public servant. 
A Gramaseva Niladari is a public servant. 
Explanation 1.- 
Persons falling under any of the above descriptions are  
public servants whether appointed by the Government or not. 
Explanation 2.- 
Wherever the words ' public servant ' occur, they shall be 
understood of every person who is in actual possession of the 
situation of a public servant, whatever legal defect there 
may be in his right to hold that situation. 
" Movable 
property". 
20. The words ' movable property ' are intended to include corporeal 
property of every description, except land and things attached to the 
earth or permanently fastened to anything which is attached to the 
earth. 
" Wrongful gain". 21. 
'Wrongful 
loss'. 
'Wrongful 
gain' 
includes 
wrongful 
retention 
of 
property. 
(1)'Wrongful gain' is gain by unlawful means of property 
to which the person gaining is not legally entitled. 
(2)'Wrongful loss' is the loss by unlawful means of 
property to which the person losing it is legally entitled. 
(3)A person is said to gain wrongfully when such person 
retains wrongfully, as well as when such person acquires 
wrongfully. 
'Wrongful (4) A person is said to lose wrongfully when such person 

loss' 
includes 
the being 
wrongfully 
kept out of 
property. 
is wrongfully kept out of any property, as well as when 
such person is wrongfully deprived of property. 
"Dishonestly". 22. Whoever does anything with the intention of causing wrongful gain 
to one person, or wrongful loss to another person, is said to do that thing 
' dishonestly '. 
"Fraudulently". 
"Reason to 
believe". 
Property in 
possession of 
spouse, clerk, or 
servant. 
[12, 5 of 2021] 
"Counterfeit". 
"Document". 
23. 
24. 
25. 
26. 
27. 
A person is said to do a thing fraudulently if he does that 
thing with intent to defraud, but not otherwise. 
A person is said to have ' reason to believe ' a thing if he 
has sufficient cause to believe that thing, but not 
otherwise. 
When property is in the possession of a person's spouse, 
clerk, or servant, on account of that person. It is in that 
person's possession within the meaning of this Code. 
Explanation 
A person employed temporarily or on a particular occasion 
in the capacity of a clerk or servant is a clerk or servant 
within the meaning of this section. 
A person is said to 'counterfeit' who causes one thing to 
resemble another thing, intending by means of that 
resemblance to practise deception, or knowing it to be 
likely that deception will thereby be practised. 
Explanation 
It is not essential to counterfeiting that the 
imitation should be exact. 
The word 'document' denotes any matter expressed or 
described upon any substance by means of letters, figures, 
or marks, or by more than one of those means, intended to be 
used, or which may be used, as evidence of that matter. 
Explanation 1 

It is immaterial by what means, or upon what substance, 
the letters, figures, or marks are formed, or whether the 
evidence is intended for or may be used in a Court of 
Justice or not. 
Illustration 
A writing expressing the terms of a contract, which may be 
used as evidence of the contract, is a document. 
A cheque upon a banker is a document. 
A power of attorney is a document. 
A map or plan which is intended to be used, or which may 
be used, as evidence is a document. 
A writing containing directions or instructions is a 
document. 
Explanation 2 
Whatever is expressed by means of letters, figures, or marks, 
as explained by mercantile or other usage, shall be deemed 
to be expressed by such letters, figures, or marks within the 
meaning of this section, although the same may not be 
actually expressed. 
Illustration 
A writes his name on the back of a bill of exchange  
payable  to  his  order.  The  meaning of the 
endorsement, as explained by mercantile usage, is that the 
bill is to be paid to the holder. The endorsement is a 
document, and must be construed in the same manner as if 
the words ' pay to the holder ', or words to that effect, 
had been written over the signature. 
" valuable security 
". 
"A will". 
28. 
29. 
The words ' valuable security denote a document which is, or 
purports to be, a document whereby any legal right is 
created, extended, transferred, restricted, extinguished, or 
released, or whereby any person acknowledges that he lies 
under legal liability, or has not a certain legal right. 
Illustration 
A writes his name on the back of a bill of exchange. As the 
effect of this endorsement is to transfer the right to the bill to 
any person who may become the lawful holder of it, the 
endorsement is a ' valuable security '. 
The words ' a will ' denote any testamentary document. 

Words referring to 
acts include illegal 
omissions. 
"Act". 
Liability for act 
done by several 
persons in 
furtherance of 
common intention. 
When such an act 
is criminal by 
reason of its being 
done with a 
criminal 
knowledge or 
intention. 
Effect caused 
partly by act and 
partly by omission. 
Co-operation by 
doing one of 
several acts 
constituting an 
offence. 
30. 
31. 
32. 
33. 
34. 
35. 
In every part of this Code, except where a contrary 
intention appears from the context, words which refer to 
acts done extend also to illegal omissions. 
(1)The word 'act' denotes as well a series of acts as a 
single act. 
'Omission'. (2) The word 'omission' denotes as well a series of 
omissions as a single omission. 
When a criminal act is done by several persons in  
furtherance of the common intention of all, each of such 
persons is liable for that act in the same manner as if it 
were done by him alone. 
Whenever an act, which is criminal only by reason of its 
being done with a criminal knowledge or intention, is done 
by several persons, each of such persons who joins in the 
act with such knowledge or intention is liable for the act in 
the same manner as if the act were done by him alone with 
that knowledge or intention. 
Whenever the causing of a certain effect, or an attempt to 
cause that effect, by an act or by an omission, is an offence, it 
is to be understood that the causing of that effect partly 
by an act and partly by an omission is the same offence. 
Illustration 
A intentionally  causes  Z's  death  ,  partly by 
illegally omitting to give Z food, and partly by beating Z. 
A has committed murder. 
When an offence is committed by means of several acts, 
whoever intentionally co-operates in the commission of 
that offence by doing any one of those acts, either singly or 
jointly with any other person, commits that offence. 
Illustrations 

(a)A and B agree to murder Z by severally, and at different 
times, giving him small doses of poison. A and B 
administer the poison according to the agreement with 
intent to murder Z. Z dies from the effects of several doses of 
poison so administered to him. Here A and B intentionally 
co-operate in the commission of murder, and as each of 
them does an act by which the death is caused they are both 
guilty of the offence, though their acts are separate. 
(b)A and B are joint jailors, and as such have the charge of 
Z, a prisoner, alternately for six hours at a time. A and B, 
intending to cause Z's death, knowingly co-operate in 
causing that effect by illegally omitting, each during the time 
of his attendance, to furnish Z with food supplied to them for 
that purpose. Z dies of hunger. Both A and B are guilty of the 
murder of Z. 
(c)A, a jailor, has the charge of Z. a prisoner. A intending to 
cause Z's death, illegally omits to supply Z with food in 
consequence of which Z is much reduced in strength, but 
the starvation is not sufficient to cause his death. A is 
dismissed from his office, and B succeeds him. B, 
without collusion or co-operation with A, illegally omits 
to supply Z with food, knowing that he is likely thereby to 
cause Z's death. Z dies of hunger. B is guilty of murder: 
but as A did not co-operate with B. A is guilty only of an 
attempt to commit murder. 
Several person 
engaged in the 
commission of a 
criminal act may 
be guilty of 
different offences. 
36. 
Where several persons are engaged or concerned in the 
commission of a criminal act, they may be guilty  of 
different offences by means of that act. 
Illustration 
A attacks Z under such circumstances of grave provocation 
that his killing of Z would be only culpable homicide not 
amounting to murder. B, having ill-will towards Z, and 
intending to kill him, and not having been subject to the 
provocation, assists A in killing Z. Here, though A and B 
are both engaged in causing Z's death, B is guilty of 
murder, and A is guilty only of culpable homicide. 

"V oluntarily". 
"Offence". 
"Special law". 
"Local law". 
"Illegal". 
"Illegally". 
"Legally bound to 
37. 
38. 
39. 
40. 
41. 
42. 
A person is said to cause an effect 'voluntarily' when he 
causes it by means whereby he intended to cause it, or by 
means which, at the time of employing those means, he knew 
or had reason to believe to be likely to cause it. 
Illustration 
A sets fire, by night, to an inhabited house in a large town for 
the purpose of facilitating a robbery, and thus causes the 
death of a person. Here A may not have intended to cause 
death, and may even be sorry that death has been caused by 
his act, yet, if he knew that he was likely to cause death, 
he has caused death voluntarily. 
(1) Except in the Chapter and sections mentioned in 
subsections (2) and (3), the word 'offence' denotes a thing 
made punishable by this Code. 
(2)In Chapter IV . and in the following sections, namely, 
sections 67, 100, 101, 101A. 102, 103, 105, 107, 108, 109, 
110,   111,   112,   113.113A,   113B.184,   191, 
192,200,208,210, 211, 216, 217, 218, 219, 220, 318, 319, 
320. 321, 322, 338, 339, 377, 378, and 431, the word 
'offence' denotes a thing punishable in Sri Lanka under 
this Code, or under any law other than this Code. 
(3)And in sections 138, 174. 175, 198, 199, 209, 213, and 
427, the word 'offence' has the same meaning as in 
subsection (2) when the thing punishable under any law 
other than this Code is punishable under such law with 
imprisonment for a term of six months or upwards, 
whether with or without fine. 
A 'special law' is a law applicable to a particular subject. 
A 'local law' is a law applicable only to a particular part of 
Sri Lanka. 
The words 'illegal' and 'illegally' are applicable to everything 
which is an offence, or which is prohibited by law, or which 
furnishes ground for a civil action. 
A person is said to be 'legally bound to do ' whatever it is 

do ". illegal in him to omit. 
"Injury". 
"Life". 
"Death". 
"Animal". 
"Vessel". 
"Year". "Month". 
"Section". 
"Oath". 
"Good Faith". 
43. 
44. 
45. 
46. 
47. 
48. 
49. 
50. 
51. 
The word 'injury' denotes any harm whatever illegally 
caused to any person in body, mind, reputation, or 
property. 
The word ' life ' denotes the life of a human being, unless the 
contrary appear from the context. 
The word ' death ' denotes the death of a human being 
unless the contrary appear from the context. 
The word 'animal' denotes any living creature other than a 
human being, unless the contrary appear from the context. 
The word 'vessel' denotes anything made for the 
conveyance by water of human beings or of property. 
Wherever the word 'year' or the word 'month' is used, it is 
to be understood that the year or the month is to be 
reckoned according to the calendar. 
The word 'section' denotes one of those portions of n 
Chapter of this Code which are distinguished by prefixed 
numeral figures. 
The word 'oath' includes a solemn affirmation substituted 
by law for an oath, and any declaration required or 
authorized by law to be made before a public servant, or to 
be used for the purpose of proof, whether in a Court of 
Justice or not. 
Nothing is said to be done or believed in good faith which 
is done or believed without due care and attention 
CHAPTER III 
OF PUNISHMENTS 

"Punishment". 
Punishment of 
detention in lieu of 
death for persons 
under eighteen 
years of age. 
[13, 5 of 2021] 
[2, 25 of 2021] 
[2, 50 of 1980] 
Punishment of 
imprisonment in 
lieu of death for 
pregnant women. 
Sentence may be 
(in certain cases of 
imprisonment) 
wholly or partly 
rigorous or simple. 
52. 
53. 
54. 
55. 
The punishments to which offenders are liable under the 
provisions of this Code are- 
Firstly- Death. 
Secondly- Imprisonment, which is of two descriptions, 
namely- 
(a)rigorous, that is, with hard labour; 
(b)simple. 
Thirdly- 
Whipping. 
Fourthly- Forfeiture of property. 
Fifthly- Fine. 
(1)Sentence of death shall not be pronounced on or 
recorded against any person who, is under the age of  
eighteen years, at the time of the commission of an 
offence by such person. 
(2)The court shall, in lieu of sentencing such person to 
death, sentence him to be detained in an institution 
established under any written law for the detention of  
persons under the age of eighteen years, for a period 
specified in the sentence and subject to the provisions of 
such written law. 
Sentence of death shall not be pronounced on or recorded 
against any woman who is found in accordance with the 
provisions of section 282 of the Code of Criminal 
Procedure Act No. 15 of 1979, to be pregnant at the time of 
her conviction, but, in lieu of that punishment, the court shall 
sentence her to imprisonment of either description for life or 
for any other term. 
In every case in which an offender is punishable with 
imprisonment which may be of either description, it shall 
be competent for the court which sentences such offender 
to direct in the sentence that such imprisonment shall be 
wholly rigorous, or that such imprisonment shall be wholly 
simple, or that any part of such imprisonment shall be 
rigorous and the rest simple. 

[ See Section 301 of the Code of Criminal Procedure Act No. 
15 of 1979 and section 14 (3) of the Primary Courts 
Procedure Act.] 
Sentence of 
forfeiture of 
property. 
[14, 5 of 2021] 
56. In every case in which a person is convicted of an offence for 
which he is liable to forfeiture of all his property, the 
offender shall be incapable of acquiring any property, 
except for the benefit of Government, until he shall have 
undergone the punishment awarded, or the punishment to 
which it shall have been commuted, or until he shall have 
been pardoned. 
Illustration 
A, being convicted of waging war against the Republic is 
liable to forfeiture of all his property. After sentence, and 
while the same is in force, A's father dies, leaving an estate 
which, but for the forfeiture, would become the property of 
A. The estate becomes the property of the Government. 
No female or 
person sentenced 
to death or 
imprisonment for 
more than Five 
years to be 
punished with 
whipping. 
Limit of 
punishment of 
offence which is 
made up of several 
offences. 
57. 
67. 
No female shall in any case be punished with whipping. 
Nor shall any person who may be sentenced to death or to 
imprisonment for more than five years be punished with 
whipping. 
*Where anything which is an offence is made up of parts,  
any of which parts is itself an offence, the offender shall 
not be punished with the punishment of more than one of 
such his offences, unless it be so expressly provided. 
Where anything is an offence falling within two or more 
separate definitions of any law in force for the time being 
by which offences are defined or punished; or 
Where several acts of which one, or more than one, would by 
itself or themselves constitute an offence, constitute when 
combined a different offence; the offender shall not be 
punished with a more severe punishment that the Court 
which tries him could award for any one of such offences. 
Illustrations. 

(a)A gives Z fifty strokes with a stick. Here A may have 
committed the offence of voluntarily causing hurt to Z by the 
whole heating, and also by each of the blows which make 
up the whole beating. If A were liable to punishments for 
every blow he might be imprisoned for fifty years one for 
each blow but he is liable only to one punishment for the 
whole beating. 
(b)But if while A is beating Z, Y interferes and A 
intentionally strikes Y; here as the blow given to Y is no part 
of the act where by A voluntarily causes hurt to Z, A is liable 
to one punishment for voluntarily causing hurt to Z and to 
Another for the blow given to Y . 
(*Section 58 be repealed by Section 3 of Ordinance No. 50 
of 1939. Section 59 to 66 repealed by section 2 of 
Ordinance No. 20 of 1938.) 
(See section 301 of the Code of Criminal Procedure Act 
No 15 of 1979 and section 14 (3) of the Primary Courts 
Procedure Act.) 
Punishment of a 
person found guilty 
of one of several 
offences, where it 
is doubtful of 
which of the 
offences he is 
guilty. 
Punishment of 
persons, convicted, 
after a previous 
conviction of an 
offence punishable 
with three years' 
imprisonment. 
67A. 
68. 
In all cases in which judgment is given that a person is 
guilty of one of several offences specified in the 
judgment, but that it is doubtful of which of these 
offences he is guilty, the offender shall be punished for 
the offence for which the lowest punishment is provided, 
if the same punishment is not provided for all. 
Whoever, having been convicted of an offence punishable 
under Chapter XII or Chapter XVII of this Code with 
imprisonment of either description for a term of three years 
or upwards, shall be guilty of any offence punishable under 
either of those Chapters with imprisonment of either 
description for a term of three years or upwards, shall be 
liable for every such subsequent offence to double the 
amount of punishment to which he would otherwise have 
been liable for the same: 
Provided that he shall not in any case be liable to 
imprisonment for a term exceeding twenty years or to a 
whipping which shall exceed twenty-four lashes or twenty- 

four strokes. 
CHAPTER IV 
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS 
Act done by a 
person bound or by 
mistake of fact 
believing himself 
bound by law to do 
it. 
Act of Judge when 
acting judicially. 
Act done pursuant 
to the Judgment or 
order of a Court of 
Justice. 
Act done by a 
person justified or 
by mistake of fact 
believing himself 
justified by law. 
69. 
70. 
71. 
72. 
Nothing is an offence which is done by a person who is, or 
who by reason of a mistake of fact and not by reason of a 
mistake of law in good faith believes himself to be, bound by 
law to do it. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, a soldier, fires on a mob by the order of his superior 
officer in conformity with the commands of the law. A has 
committed no offence, 
(b)A, an officer of a Court of Justice, being ordered by 
that court to arrest Y , and, after due inquiry, believing Z to be 
Y , arrests Z. A has committed no offence. 
Nothing is an offence which is done by a Judge when 
acting judicially in the exercise of any power which is, or 
which in good faith he believes to be given to him by law. 
Nothing which is done in pursuance of, or which is  
warranted by the Judgment or order of a Court of Justice, if 
done whilst such judgment or order remains in force, is an 
offence, notwithstanding the court may have had no 
jurisdiction to pass such judgment or order, provided the 
person doing the act in good faith believes that the court 
had such jurisdiction. 
Nothing is an offence which is done by any person who is 
justified by law, or who by reason of a mistake of fact and 
not by reason of a mistake of law in good faith believes 
himself to be justified by law in doing it. 
Illustration 
A sees Z commit what appears to A to be a murder. A in the 
exercise, to the best of his judgment exerted in good faith, of the 

power  which  the  law  gives  to  all  persons  of 
apprehending murderers in the act, seizes Z, in order to bring 
Z before the proper authorities. A has committed no offence, though it 
may turn out that Z was acting in self defence. 
Accident in the 
doing of a lawful 
act. 
Act likely to cause 
harm but done 
without a and to 
prevent other harm 
. 
73. 
74. 
Nothing is an offence which is done by accident or 
misfortune, and without any criminal intention or 
knowledge in the doing of a lawful act in a lawful manner, by 
lawful means and with proper care and caution, 
Illustration 
A is at work with a hatchet; the head flies off and kills a man who is 
standing by. Here, if there was no want of proper caution on the part 
of A, his act is excusable and not an offence. 
Nothing is an offence merely by reason of its being done 
with the knowledge criminal intent, that it is likely to cause 
harm if it be done without any criminal intention to cause 
harm and in good faith for the purpose of preventing or 
avoiding other harm to person or property. 
Explanation 
It is a question of fact in such a case whether the harm to 
be prevented or avoided was of such a nature and so 
imminent as to justify or excuse the risk of doing the act  
with the knowledge that it was likely to cause harm. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, the captain of a steam vessel, suddenly and without 
any fault or negligence on his part, finds himself in such a 
position that, before he can slop his vessel, he must 
inevitably run down a boat, B. with twenty or thirty 
passengers on board, unless he changes the course of his 
vessel, and that, by changing his course, he must incur risk 
of running down a boat. C, with only two passengers 
on board, which he may possibly clear. Here, if A alters 
his course without any intention to run down the boat C, 
and in good faith for the purpose of avoiding the danger to 
the passengers in the boat B. he is not guilty of an offence, 
though he may run down the boat C by doing an act which 
he knew was likely to cause that effect, if it be found as a 
matter of fact that the danger which he intended to avoid 

Act of a child 
under twelve years 
of age. 
[2, 10 of 2018] 
Act of a child 
above twelve and 
under fourteen 
years of age, who 
has not sufficient 
maturity of 
understanding. [3, 
10 of 2018] 
Act of a person of 
unsound mind. 
Act of a person 
incapable of 
judgment by 
reason intoxication 
caused against his 
will. 
75. 
76. 
77. 
78. 
was such as to excuse him in incurring the risk of running 
down the boat C. 
(b)A in a great fire pulls down houses in order to prevent  
the conflagration from spreading. He does this with the 
intention, in good faith, of saving human life or property. 
Here, if it be found that the harm to be prevented was of  
such a nature and so imminent as to excuse A's act, A 
is not guilty of an offence. 
Nothing is an offence which is done Act of a child by a child 
under twelve years of age. 
Nothing is an offence which is done by a child above 
twelve years of age and under fourteen, who has not 
attained sufficient maturity of understanding to judge of 
the nature and consequence of his conduct on that 
occasion. 
Nothing is an offence which is done by a person who, at 
the time of doing it, by reason of unsoundness of mind, is 
incapable of knowing the nature of the act, or that he is doing 
what is either wrong or contrary to law. 
Nothing is an offence which is done by a person who, at 
the time of doing it, is, by reason of intoxication, incapable 
of reason of knowing the nature of the act, or that he is 
intoxication doing what is either wrong or contrary to law: 
Provided that the thing which intoxicated him was 
administered to him without his knowledge or against his 
will. 
Offence requiring a 79. 
particular intent or 
knowledge 
commuted by one 
who is intoxicated. 
In cases where an act done is not an offence unless done with 
a particular knowledge or intent, a person who does the 
act in a state of intoxication shall be liable to be dealt with as 
if he had the same knowledge as he would have had if he 
had not been intoxicated, unless the thing which intoxicated  
him  was  administered  to  him  without  his 

knowledge or against his will. 
Act not intended 
and not known to 
be likely to cause 
death or grievous 
hurt done by 
consent. 
80. Nothing, which is not intended to cause death or grievous 
hurt, and which is not known by the doer to be likely to  
cause death or grievous hurt is an offence by reason of any 
harm which it may cause, or be intended by the doer to cause 
to any person above eighteen years of age, who has given 
consent, whether express or implied, to suffer that harm, or 
by reason of any harm which it may be known by the doer to 
be likely to cause to any such person who has consented to 
take the risk of that harm. 
Illustration 
A and Z agree to fence with each other for amusement. 
This agreement implies the consent of each lo suffer any 
harm which, in the course of such fencing, may be caused 
without foul play. and if A. while playing fairly hurts Z. A 
commits no offence. 
Act not intended to 81. 
cause death done 
by consent in good 
faith for the benefit 
of a person. 
Nothing, which is not intended to cause death, is an 
offence by reason of any harm which it may cause, or be 
intended by the doer to cause, or be known by the doer to 
be likely to cause, to any person for whose benefit it is 
done in good faith, and who has given a consent, whether 
express or implied, to suffer that harm, or to take the risk 
of that harm. 
Illustration 
A, a surgeon, knowing that a particular operation is likely 
to cause the death of Z, who suffers under a painful 
complaint, but not intending to cause Z's death, and 
intending, in good faith, Z's benefit, performs that 
operation on Z with Z's consent. A has committed no offence. 
Act done in good 
faith for the benefit 
of a child or person 
of unsound mind, 
by or by consent of 
guardian. 
82. Nothing, which is done in good faith for the benefit of a 
person under twelve years of age. or, of unsound mind, by or 
by consent, either express or implied, of the guardian or 
other person having lawful charge of that person, is an 
offence by reason of any harm which it may cause/or be 
intended by the doer to cause, or be known by the doer to 
be likely to cause, to that person: 

Provided- 
Firstly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
intentional causing of death, or to the attempting to 
cause death; 
Secondly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
doing of anything which the person doing it knows to 
be likely to cause death, for any purpose other than 
the preventing of death or grievous hurt or the curing of 
any grievous disease or infirmity; 
Thirdly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
voluntary causing of grievous hurt, or to the 
attempting to cause grievous hurt, unless it be for the 
purpose of preventing death or grievous hurt or the 
curing of any grievous disease or infirmity; 
Fourthly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
abetment of any offence, to the committing of which 
offence it would not extend. 
Illustration 
A, in good faith, for his child's benefit, without his child's 
consent has his child cut for the stone by a surgeon, knowing 
it to he likely that the operation will cause the child's death, 
but not intending to cause the child's death. A is within the 
exception, inasmuch as his object was the cure of the 
child. 
Consent known to 
be given under fear 
or misconception. 
83. 
Consent of 
a child or 
person 
of unsound 
mind. 
A consent is not such a consent as is intended by any 
section of this Code, if the consent is given by a person 
under fear of injury, or under a misconception of fact, 
and if the person doing the act knows, or has reason to 
believe, that the consent was given in consequence of 
such fear or misconception, or 
If the consent is given by a person, who, from unsoundness 
of mind or intoxication, is unable to understand the nature 
and consequence of that to which he gives his consent; or 
unless the contrary appear from the context, if the consent 
is given by a person who is under twelve years of age. 

Acts which are 
offences 
independently of 
harm caused to the 
person consenting 
are not within the 
exceptions in 
sections 80,81 and 
82. 
Act done in good 
faith for the benefit 
of a person without 
consent. 
84. 
85. 
The exceptions in sections 80, 81 and 82 do not extend to 
acts which are offences independently of any harm which 
they may cause, or be intended to cause, or be known to be 
likely to cause, lo the person giving the consent, or on whose 
behalf the consent is given. 
Illustration 
Causing miscarriage (unless caused in good faith for the 
purpose of saving the life of the woman) is an offence 
independently of any harm which it may cause or be  
intended to cause to the woman. Therefore it is not an  
offence ' by reason of such harm ', and the consent of the 
woman or of her guardian to the causing of such 
miscarriage does not justify the act. 
Nothing is an offence by reason of any harm which it may 
cause to a person for whose benefit it is done in good faith, 
even without that person's consent, if the circumstances 
are such that it is impossible for that person to signify 
consent, or if that person is incapable of giving consent, 
and has no guardian or other person in lawful charge of 
him from whom it is possible to obtain consent in time for 
the thing to be done with benefit: 
Provided - 
Firstly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
intentional causing of death or the attempting to 
cause death; 
Secondly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
doing of anything which the person doing it knows to 
be likely to cause death for any purpose other than 
the preventing of death or grievous hurt or the curing of 
any grievous disease or infirmity; 
Thirdly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
voluntary causing of hurt, or to the attempting to 
cause hurt, for any purpose other than the preventing of 
death or hurt; 

Fourthly- That this exception shall not extend to the 
abetment of any offence, to the committing of which 
offence it would not extend, 
Illustrations 
(a)Z is thrown from his horse, and is Insensible, A, 
surgeon, finds that Z requires to be trepanned. A, not 
intending Z's death, but in good faith, for Z's benefit, 
performs the trepan before z recovers his power of judging 
for himself- A has committed no offence. 
(b)Z is attacked by a bear. A fires at the bear knowing it to 
be likely that the shot may kill Z, but not intending to kill 
Z, and in good faith intending Z's benefit. As ball gives Z a 
mortal wound- A has committed no offence. 
(c)A. a surgeon, sees a child suffer an accident which is 
likely to prove fatal unless an operation be immediately 
performed. There is not time to apply to the child's 
guardian. A performs the operation in spite of the 
entreaties of the child, intending, in good faith, the child's 
benefit. A has committed no offence. 
(d)A is in a house which is on fire, with Z, a child. People 
below hold out a blanket. A drops the child from the 
housetop, knowing it to be likely that the fall may kill the 
child, but not intending to kill the child, and intending, in 
good faith, the child's benefit. Here, even if the child is killed 
by the fall, A has committed no offence. 
Explanation 
Mere pecuniary benefit is not benefit within the meaning of 
sections 81, 82 and 85. 
Communication 
made in good faith. 
86. No communication made in good faith is an offence by 
reason of any harm to the person to whom it is made, if it 
is made for the benefit of that person. 
Illustration 
A, a surgeon, in good faith communicates to a patient his 
opinion that he cannot live. The patient dies in 
consequence of the shock. A has committed no offence, 
though he knew it to be likely that the communication 
might cause the patient's death. 

Act to which a 
Person is 
compelled by 
threats. 
Act causing slight 
harm. 
87. 
88. 
Except murder and offences against the State punishable with 
death, nothing is an offence which is done by a person who is 
compelled to do it by threats, which at the time of doing it, 
reasonably cause the apprehension that instant death to that 
person will otherwise be the consequence; provided  the 
person doing the act did not of his own accord, or from a 
reasonable apprehension of harm to himself short of instant 
death, place himself in the situation by which he became 
subject to such constraint. 
Explanation 1 
A person who, of his own accord, or by reason of a threat 
of being beaten, joins a gang of housebreakers, knowing  
their character, is not entitled to the benefit of this exception, 
on the ground of his having been compelled by  his 
associates to do anything that is an offence by law. 
Explanation 2 
A person seized by a gang of housebreakers, and forced by 
threat of instant death to do a thing which is an offence by 
law,- for example, a smith compelled to take his tools and 
to force the door of a house for the housebreakers to enter 
and plunder it,- is entitled to the benefit of this exception. 
Nothing is an offence by reason that it causes, or that it is 
intended to cause, or that it is known to be likely to cause, 
any harm, if that harm is so slight that no person of 
ordinary sense and temper would complain of such harm; 
OF THE RIGHT OF PRIV ATE DEFENCE 
Nothing done in 
private defence is 
an offence. 
Right of private 
defence of the 
body and of 
property. 
89. 
90. 
Nothing is an offence which is done in the exercise of the 
right of private defence. 
Every person has a right, subject to the restrictions 
contained in section 92, to defend- 
Firstly- His own body, and the body of any other 
person, against any offence affecting the human body; 
Secondly- The property, whether movable or 

immovable, of himself or of any other person, against 
any act which is an offence falling under the 
definition of theft, robbery, mischief, or criminal 
trespass, or which is an attempt to commit theft, 
robbery, mischief, or criminal trespass. 
Right of private 
defence against the 
act of a person of 
unsound mind, &c. 
91. When an act, which would otherwise be a certain offence, 
is not that offence by reason of the youth, the want of 
maturity of understanding, the unsoundness of mind, or the 
intoxication of the person doing that act or by reason of 
any misconception on the part of that person, every person 
has the same right of private defence against that act which 
he would have if the act were that offence. 
Illustrations 
(a)Z, under the influence of madness, attempts to kill A; Z is 
guilty of no offence. But A has the same right of private 
defence which he would have if Z were sane. 
(b)A enters by night a house which he is legally entitled to 
enter. Z, in good faith, taking A for a housebreaker, 
attacks 
A. Here Z, by attacking A under this misconception, commits 
no offence, but A has the same right of private defence  
against Z which-.he would have if Z were not acting 
under that misconception. 
Acts against which 92. 
there is no right of 
private defence. 
(1)There is no right of private defence against an act which 
does not reasonably cause the apprehension of death or 
of grievous hurt, if done, or attempted to be done, by a 
public servant acting in good faith under color of his 
office, though that act may not be strictly justifiable by 
law. 
(2)There is no right of private defence against an act which 
does not reasonably cause the apprehension of death or 
of grievous hurt, if done, or attempted to be done, by the 
direction of a public servant acting in good faith under 
colour of his office, though that direction may not be 
strictly justifiable by law. 
(3)There is no right of private defence in cases in which 
there is time to have recourse to the protection of the 
public authorities. 

Extent to 
which the 
right may 
be 
exercised. 
(4)The right of private defence in no case extends to the 
inflicting of more harm than it is necessary to inflict 
for the purpose of defence. 
Explanation 1 
A person is not deprived of the right of private defence 
against an act done, or attempted to be done by a public 
servant, as such, unless he knows, or has reason to believe, 
that the person doing the act is such public servant. 
Explanation 2 
A person is not deprived of the right of private defence 
against an act done, or attempted to be done, by the 
direction of a public servant, unless he knows, or has 
reason to believe, that the person doing the act is acting by 
such direction; or unless such person states the authority 
under which he acts, or. if he has authority in writing, 
unless he produces such authority, if demanded. 
When the right of 
private defence of 
the body extends to 
causing death. 
93. The right of private offence of the body extends, under the 
restrictions mentioned in the last preceding section, to the 
voluntary causing of death or of any other harm to the 
assailant, if the offence which occasions the exercise of the 
right be of any of the descriptions hereinafter enumerated, 
namely- 
Firstly- Such an assault as may reasonably cause the 
apprehension that death will otherwise be the 
consequence of such assault; 
Secondly- Such an assault as may reasonably cause 
the apprehension that grievous hurt will otherwise be 
the consequence of such assault; 
Thirdly- An assault with the intention of committing 
rape; 
Fourthly- An assault with the intention of gratifying 
unnatural lust; 
Fifthly- An assault with the intention of kidnapping or 
abducting; 
Sixthly- An assault with the intention of wrongfully 
confining a person, under circumstances which may 

reasonably cause him to apprehend that he will be 
unable to have recourse to the public authorities for 
his release. 
When such right 
extends. 
Commencement 
and continuance of 
the right of private 
defence of the 
body. 
When the right of 
private property 
extends lo causing 
death. 
When such right 
extends to causing 
any harm other 
than death. 
94. 
95. 
96. 
97. 
If the offence be not of any of the descriptions enumerated in 
the last preceding section, the right of private defence of the 
body does not extend to the voluntary causing of death to 
the assailant, but does extend, under the restrictions 
mentioned in section 92, to the voluntary causing to the 
assailant of any harm other than death. 
The right of private defence of the body commences as soon as a 
reasonable apprehension of danger to the body arises from an 
attempt or threat to commit the offence, though the offence may not 
have been committed, and it continues as long as such apprehension 
of danger to the body continues. 
The right of private defence of property extends, under the 
restrictions mentioned in section 92, to the voluntary  
causing of death or of any other harm to the wrong-doer, if 
the offence, the committing of which, or the attempting to 
commit which, occasions the exercise of the right, be an 
offence of any of the descriptions hereinafter enumerated, 
namely- 
Firstly- Robbery; 
Secondly- House-breaking by night; 
Thirdly- Mischief by fire, or explosives committed on 
any building, tent, or vessel, which building, tent, or 
vessel is used as a human dwelling, or as a place for 
the custody of property; 
Fourthly- Theft, mischief, or house-trespass under 
such circumstances as may reasonably cause 
apprehension that death or grievous hurt will be the 
consequence if such right of private defence is not 
exercised. 
If the offence the committing of which, or the attempting 
to commit which, occasions the exercise of the right of 
private defence, be theft, mischief, or criminal trespass not of 
any of the descriptions enumerated in the last preceding 

section, that right does not extend to the voluntary causing of 
death, hut does extend, subject to the restrictions mentioned 
in section 92, to the voluntary causing to the wrong-doer of 
any harm other than death. 
Commencement 
and continuance of 
the right of private 
defence of 
property. 
Right of private 
defence against 
deadly assault 
when there is risk 
of harm to an 
innocent person. 
98. 
99. 
Firstly- The right of private defence of property 
commences when a reasonable apprehension of danger to the 
property commences. 
Secondly- The right of private defence of property against 
theft continues till the offender has effected his retreat with 
the property or the assistance of the public authorities is 
obtained, or the property has been recovered. 
Thirdly- The right of private defence of property against 
robbery continues as long as the offender causes or 
attempts to cause to any person death or hurt or wrongful 
restraint; or as long as the fear of instant death or of instant 
hurt or of instant personal restraint continues. 
Fourthly- The right of private defence of property against 
criminal trespass or mischief continues as long as the 
offender continues in the commission of criminal trespass 
or mischief. 
Fifthly- The right of private defence of property against 
house-breaking by night continues as long as the house- 
trespass which has been begun by such house-breaking 
continues. 
If in the exercise of the right of private defence against an 
assault which reasonably causes the apprehension of death, 
the defender be so situated that he cannot effectually exercise 
that right without risk of harm to an innocent person, his 
right of private defence extends to the running of that risk. 
Illustration 
A is attacked by a mob who attempt to murder him. He 
cannot effectually exercise his right of private defence 
without firing on the mob, and he cannot fire without risk 
of harming young children who are mingled with the mob. 
A commits no offence'. it by so tiring he harms any of 
the children. 

CHAPTER V 
OF ABETMENT 
Abetment of the 
doing of a thing. 
100. A person abets the doing of a thing who- 
Firstly - Instigates any person to do that thing; or 
Secondly - Engages in any conspiracy for the doing 
of that thing; or 
Thirdly - Intentionally aids, by any act or illegal 
omission, the doing of that thing. 
Explanation 1 
A person who. by willful misrepresentation or by willful 
concealment of a material fact which he is bound to 
disclose, voluntarily causes or procures, or attempts to  
cause or procure, a thing to be done, is said to instigate 
the doing of that thing. 
Illustration 
A, a public officer, is authorized by a warrant from a 
Court of Justice to apprehend Z. B. knowing that fact and 
also that C is not Z, wilfully represents to A that C is Z. 
and thereby intentionally causes A to apprehend C. Here 
B abets by instigation the apprehension of C. 
Explanation 2 
A conspiracy for the doing of a thing is when two or more 
persons agree to do that thing or cause or procure that 
thing to be done, A person within the jurisdiction of the 
court abets an offence by engaging with one or more 
Other persons beyond the Jurisdiction of the court in a 
conspiracy for the commission of an offence by them, or 
either of them, or by any other person. 
Explanation 3 
Whoever, either prior to or at the time of the commission 
of an act. does anything in order to facilitate the  
commission of that act, and thereby facilitates the 
commission thereof, is said to aid the doing of that act. 

Abettor. 101. A person abets an offence who abets either the 
commission of an offence or the commission of an act 
which would be an offence if committed by a person 
capable by law of committing an offence with the same 
intention or knowledge as that of the abettor. 
Explanation 1 
The abetment of the illegal omission of an act may 
amount lo an offence although the abettor may not 
himself be bound to do that act. 
Explanation 2 
To constitute the offence of abetment, it is not necessary 
that the act abetted should be committed, or that the effect 
requisite to constitute the offence should be caused. 
Illustrations 
(a)A instigates B to murder C. B refuses to do so. A is 
guilty of abetting B to commit murder. 
(b)A instigates B to murder D. B, in pursuance of the 
instigation, stabs D. D recovers from the wound. A is 
guilty of instigating B to commit murder. 
Explanation 3 
It is not necessary that the person abetted should be capable 
by law of committing an offence, or [hat he should have 
the same guilty intention or knowledge as that of the 
abettor, or any guilty intention or knowledge 
Illustrations 
(a)A, with a guilty intention, abets a child or a person of 
unsound mind to commit an act which would be an 
offence if committed by a person capable by law of 
committing an offence, and having the same intention 
as 
A. Here A, whether the act be committed or not, is guilty of 
abetting an offence. 
(b)A, with the intention of murdering Z. instigates B, a 
child under eight years of age, to do an act which causes 
Z's death. B, in consequence of the abetment, does the 
act, and thereby causes Z's death. Here, though B was not 
capable by law of committing an offence. A is liable to 
be 

punished in the same manner as if B had been capable by 
law of committing an offence and had committed murder 
and he is therefore subject to the punishment of death. 
(c)A instigates B to set fire to a dwelling house. B, in 
consequence of the unsoundness of his mind, being 
incapable of knowing the nature of the act, or that he is 
doing what is wrong or contrary to law, sets fire to* the 
house in consequence of A's instigation. B has committed 
no offence, but A is guilty of abetting the offence of 
setting fire to a dwelling house, and is liable to the 
punishment provided for that offence- 
(d)A, intending to cause a theft to be committed, 
instigates B to take property belonging to Z out of Z's 
possession. A induces B to believe that the property 
belongs to A. B takes the property out of Z's possession, in 
good faith believing it to be A's property. B, acting under 
this misconception, does not take dishonestly, and therefore 
does not commit theft. But A is guilty of abetting theft, and 
is liable to the same punishment as if B had committed 
theft. 
Explanation 4 
The abetment of an offence being an offence, 
the abetment of such an abetment is also an offence. 
Illustration 
A instigates B to instigate C to murder Z, B accordingly 
instigates C to murder Z, and C commits that offence in 
consequence of B's instigation. B is liable to be punished  
for his offence with the punishment for murder; and as 
A instigated B to commit the offence, A is also liable to 
the same punishment. 
Explanation 5 
It is not necessary to the commission of the offence of 
abetment by conspiracy that the abettor should concert 
the offence with the person who commits it. It is 
sufficient if he engage in the conspiracy in pursuance of 
which the offence is committed. 

Illustration 
A concerts with B a plan for poisoning Z. It is agreed that. A 
shall administer the poison. B then explains the plan to C, 
mentioning that a third person is to administer the poison, 
but without mentioning A's name C agrees to procure the 
poison, and procures and delivers it to B for the purpose 
of its being used in the manner explained. A administers the 
poison; Z dies in consequence. Here, though A and C have 
not conspired together, yet C has been engaged in the 
conspiracy in pursuance of which Z has been murdered. C 
has therefore committed the offence defined in this 
section, and is liable to the punishment for murder. 
Abetment in Sri 
Lanka of offences 
outside it. 
Punishment of 
abetment if the act 
abetted is 
committed in 
consequence, and 
where no express 
provision is made 
for its punishment. 
101A. 
102. 
A person abets an offence within the meaning of this Code 
who in Sri Lanka abets the commission of any act without 
and beyond Sri Lanka which would constitute an 
offence if committed in Sri Lanka. 
Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is 
committed in consequence of the abetment, and no 
express provision is made by this Code for the 
punishment of such abetment, be punished with the 
punishment provided for the offence. 
Explanation 
An act or offence is said to be committed in consequence of 
abetment, when it is committed in consequence of the 
instigation, or in pursuance of the conspiracy, or with the 
aid which constitutes the abetment. 
Illustrations 
(a)A offers a bribe to B, a public servant, as a reward for 
showing A some favour in the exercise of B's official 
functions. B accepts the bribe. A has abetted the offence 
defined in section 158. 
(b)A  instigates  B  to  give  false  evidence.  B, 
in consequence of the instigation, commits that offence, 
A is guilty of abetting that offence, and is liable to the 
same 

punishment as B. 
(c) A and B conspire to poison Z. A, in pursuance of the 
conspiracy, procures the poison and delivers it to B, in order 
that he may administer it to Z. B, in pursuance of the 
conspiracy, administers the poison to Z in A's absence and 
thereby causes Z's death. Here, B is guilty of murder. A is 
guilty of abetting that offence by conspiracy, and is liable to 
the punishment for murder. 
Whoever abets the commission of an offence shall, if the 
person abetted does the act with a different intention or 
knowledge from that of the abettor, be punished with the 
punishment provided for the offence which would have 
been committed if the act had been done with the 
intention or knowledge of the abettor and with no other. 
When an act is abetted and a different act is done, the 
abettor is liable for when the act done, in the same 
manner and to the same extent as if he had directly 
abetted it; 
Provided the act done was a probable consequence of the 
abetment, and was committed under the influence of the 
instigation, or with the aid or in pursuance of the conspiracy 
which constituted the abetment. 
Illustrations 
(a)A instigates a child to put poison into the food of Z. 
and gives him poison for that purpose. The child, in 
consequence of the instigation, by mistake puts the poison 
into the food of Y , which is by the side of that of Z. Here, 
if the child was acting under the influence of A's instigation, 
and the act done was under the circumstances a probable 
consequence of the abetment, A is liable in the same 
manner, and to the same extent, as if he had instigated the 
child to put the poison into the food of Y . 
(b)A instigates B to burn Z's house. B sets fire to the house 
and at the same time commits theft of properly there. A, 
though guilty of abetting the burning of the house, is not 
guilty of abetting the theft; for the theft was a distinct 
act, and not a probable consequence of the 
Punishment of abetment 
if the person abetted 
does the act with a 
different intention from 
that of the abettor.  
  
  
Liability of abettor when 
one act is abetted and a 
different act is done.
103.  
  
  
  
104.

burning. 
(c)A instigates B and C to break into an inhabited house 
at midnight for the purpose of robbery, and provides them 
with arms for that purpose. B and C break into the house, 
and being resisted by Z, one of the inmates, murder Z.  
Here, if the murder was the probable consequence of the 
abetment, A is liable to the punishment provided for murder. 
Abettor when 
liable to 
cumulative 
punishment for act 
abetted and for act 
done. 
Liability of abettor 
for an effect caused 
by the act abetted 
different from that 
intended by the 
abettor. 
105. 
106. 
If the act for which the abettor is liable under the last 
preceding section is committed in addition to the act 
abetted, and constitutes a distinct offence, the abettor is 
liable to punishment for each of the offences. 
Illustration 
A instigates B to resist by force a distress made by a 
public servant. B. in consequence, resists that distress. In 
offering the resistance, B voluntarily causes grievous hurt to 
the officer executing the distress. As B has committed both 
the offence of resisting the distress and the offence of 
voluntarily causing grievous hurt. B is liable to 
punishment for both these offences; and if A knew that B 
was likely voluntarily to cause grievous hurt in 
resisting the distress. A will also be liable to punishment 
for each of the offences. 
When an act is abetted with the intention on the part of 
the abettor of causing a particular effect, and an act for 
which the abettor is liable in consequence of the abetment 
causes a different effect from that intended by the abettor, 
the abettor is liable for the effect caused, in the same 
manner and to the same extent as if he had abetted the act 
with the intention of causing that effect, provided he 
knew that the act abetted was likely to cause that effect. 
Illustration 
A  instigates  B  to  cause  grievous  hurt  to  Z. B, 
in consequence of the instigation, causes grievous hurt to 
Z. Z dies, in consequence. Here, if A knew that the 

grievous hurt abetted was likely to cause death, A is liable 
to be punished with the punishment provided for murder. 
Abettor present 
when offence is 
committed. 
107. Whenever any person who, if absent, would be liable to 
be punished as an abettor, is present when the act or offence 
for which he would be punishable in consequence of the 
abetment is committed, he shall be deemed to have 
committed such act or offence. 
Illustration 
A writes to B telling him that C is likely to pass along a 
certain road with treasure, and instigates B to lie in wait 
for and rob C. B on such instigation lies in wait for and robs 
C, A accompanying C along the journey. A is guilty under 
this section. 
Abetment of an 
offence punishable 
with death, if the 
offence be not 
committed in 
consequence of the 
abetment. 
108. 
If an act 
which 
causes harm 
be done in 
consequence 
of the 
abetment. 
Whoever abets the commission of an offence punishable 
with death shall, if that offence be not committed in 
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision 
is made by this Code for the punishment  of  such  
abetment,  be  punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, 
and shall also be liable to fine; 
and if any act for which the abettor is liable in 
consequence of the abetment, and causes harm be 
done in which causes hurt to any person, is done, the 
abettor shall be liable to imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to 
fourteen years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Illustration 
A instigates B to murder Z. The offence is not committed. If 
B had murdered Z he would have been subject to the 
punishment of death. Therefore A is liable to 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to seven years, 
and also to a fine ; and if any hurt be done to Z in 
consequence of the abetment, he will be liable to 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to fourteen 
years, and to fine. 

Abetment of an 
offence punishable 
with imprisonment 
if the offence be 
not committed in 
consequence of the 
abetment. 
109. 
if the abettor 
or the person 
abetted be 
a public 
servant, whose 
duty it is 
to prevent the 
offence. 
Whoever abets an offence punishable with 
imprisonment shall, if that offence be not committed 
in consequence of the abetment, and no express 
provision is made by this Code for the punishment 
of such abetment, be punished with imprisonment of 
any description provided for that offence for a term 
which may extend to one-fourth part of the longest 
term provided for that offence or with such fine as is 
provided for that offence, or with both; 
and if the abettor or the person abetted is public 
servant, whose duty it is to prevent the commission 
of such offence, the abettor shall be punished with 
imprisonment of any description provided for that 
offence, for a term which may extend to one-half of 
the longest term provided for that offence, or with 
such fine as is provided for the offence, or with both. 
Illustrations 
(a)A offers a bribe to B, a public servant, as a reward for 
showing A some favour in the exercise of B's official 
functions. B refuses to accept the bribe. A is punishable 
under this section. 
(b)A instigates B to give false evidence. Here, if B does  
not give false evidence, A has nevertheless committed the 
offence defined in this section, and is punishable 
accordingly. 
(c)A, a police officer, whose duty it is to prevent robbery A 
abets the commission of robbery. Here, though the robbery 
be not committed, A is liable to one-half of the longest term 
of imprisonment provided for that offence, and also to fine. 
(d)B abets the commission of a robbery by A. a police 
officer, whose duty it is to prevent that offence. Here, 
though the robbery be not committed. B is liable lo one- 
half of the longest term of imprisonment provided for the 
offence of robbery, and also to fine. 

Abetting the 
commission of an 
offence by the 
public, or by more 
than ten persons. 
110. Whoever abets the commission of an offence by the public 
generally, or by any number or class of persons exceeding 
ten, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to three years, or 
with fine, or both. 
Illustration 
A fixes in a public place a placard, instigating a sect 
consisting of more than ten members to meet at a certain 
time and place for the purpose of attacking the members 
of an adverse sect, while engaged In a procession. A has 
committed the offence defined in this section. 
If the offence be 
not committed. 
111. Whoever, intending to facilitate or knowing it to be likely 
that he will thereby facilitate the commission of an 
offence punishable with death or imprisonment for twenty 
years voluntarily conceals, by any act or illegal omission, 
the existence of a design to commit such offence, or 
makes any representation which he knows to be false 
respecting such design, shall, if that offence be 
committed, be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, or 
if the offence be not committed, with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to three years; and 
in either case shall also be liable to fine. 
Illustration 
A, knowing that murder is about to be committed at B, 
falsely informs the Magistrate that a murder is about to be 
committed at C, a place in an opposite direction, and thereby 
misleads the Magistrate with intent to facilitate the 
commission of the offence. The murder is committed at R 
in pursuance of the design. A is punishable under this 
section. 
A public officer 
concealing a design 
to commit an 
offence which it is 
his duty to prevent. 
112. If the 
offence be 
committed. 
Whoever, being a public servant, intending to facilitate 
or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby facilitate the 
commission of an offence, the commission of which it is 
his duly as such public servant to prevent, voluntarily 
conceals, by any act or illegal omission, the existence of a 
design to commit such offence, or makes any   
representation  which  he  knows  to  be  false 

If the 
offence be 
punishable 
with death 
If the 
offence be 
not 
committed. 
respecting such design, shall, if the offence be committed, 
be punished with imprisonment of any description 
provided for the offence, for a term which may extend to 
one-half of the longest term of such imprisonment, or 
with such fine as is provided for that offence, or with 
both; 
or, if the offence be punishable with death, with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years; 
or, if the offence be not committed, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of any description provided for the offence 
for a term which may extend to one-fourth part of the 
longest term of such imprisonment, or with such fine as is 
provided for the offence, or with both. 
Illustration 
A, an officer of police, being legally bound to give 
information of all designs to commit murder which 
may come to his knowledge, and knowing that B  
designs  to  commit  murder,  omits  to  give such 
information, with intent to facilitate the commission of 
that offence. Here A has by an illegal omission concealed 
the existence of B's design, and is liable to punishment 
according to the provision of this section. 
Concealing a 
design to commit 
an offence 
punishable with 
imprisonment. 
113. 
If the 
offence be 
committed. 
If not 
committed 
Whoever, intending to facilitate or knowing it to be 
likely that he will thereby facilitate the commission of 
an offence punishable with imprisonment, voluntarily 
conceals, by any act or illegal omission, the existence of a  
design  to  commit  such  offence,  or  makes any 
representation which he knows to be false respecting 
such design, shall, 
if the offence be committed, be, punished with 
imprisonment of the description provided for the 
offence, for a term which may extend to one-fourth, 
and, 
if the offence be not committed, to one-eighth of the 
longest term of such imprisonment, or with such fine as 

is provided for the offence, or with both 
CHAPTER V A 
OF CONSPIRACY 
Definition of 
conspiracy . 
Punishment for 
conspiracy. 
113A. 
113B. 
(1)If two or more persons agree to commit or abet or act 
together with a common purpose for or in committing or 
abetting an offence, whether with or without any 
previous concert or deliberation, each of them is 
guilty of the offence of conspiracy to commit or abet that 
offence, as the case may be. 
(2)A person within Sri Lanka can be guilty of conspiracy 
by agreeing with another person who is  beyond Sri 
Lanka for the commission or abetment of any offence to 
be committed by them or either of them, or by any other 
person, either within or beyond Sri Lanka; and, for the 
purposes of this subsection as to an offence to be 
committed beyond Sri Lanka offence means any act  
which if done within Sri Lanka would be an offence 
under this Code or under any other law. 
Exception 
This section shall not exceed to the case 
in which the conspiracy is between a 
husband and his wife. 
If two or more persons are guilty of the offence of 
conspiracy for the commission or abetment of any offence, 
each of them shall be punished in the same manner as if he 
had abetted such offence. 
CHAPTER VI 
OF OFFENCES AGAINST THE STATE 
Waging or 
attempting to wage 
war, or abetting the 
waging of war, 
114. Whoever wages war against the Republic, or attempts to 
wage such war, or abets the waging of such war, shall be 
punished with death, or imprisonment of either 
description, which may be extended to twenty years, and 

against the state. shall forfeit all his property. 
Illustration 
A joins an insurrection against the Republic. A 
has committed the offence defined in this section. 
Conspiracy to 
commit offence 
punishable by 
preceding section. 
[15, 5 of 2021] 
115. *Whoever conspires to commit any of the offences 
punishable by the next preceding section, or to deprive the 
People of the Republic of Sri Lanka of their Sovereignty 
in Sri Lanka or any part thereof, or conspires to overawe, 
by means of criminal force or the show of criminal force, 
any of the organs of Government, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description which may extend to 
twenty years, and shall also be liable to fine- 
[* See Article 4 of the Constitution of Sri Lanka, 1978. 
Explanation 
To constitute a conspiracy under this section it is not 
necessary that any act or illegal omission shall take place 
in pursuance thereof. 
Collecting arms, & 116. 
c ,with the intention 
of waging war 
against the 
Republic. 
Whoever collects men. arms, or ammunition, or otherwise 
prepares to wage war with the intention of either waging 
or being prepared to wage war against the Republic, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
not exceeding twenty years, and shall forfeit all his property. 
Concealing with 
intent to facilitate a 
design to wage 
war. 
[2, 12 of 2002] 
Assaulting by 
President & c. with 
intent to compel or 
restrain the 
117. 
118. 
119. 
Whoever by any act, or by any illegal omission, conceals the 
existence of a design to wage war against the Republic 
intending by such concealment to facilitate, or knowing it 
to be likely that such concealment will facilitate, the waging 
of such war, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to ten years, and 
shall also be liable to fine. 
Repealed 
Whoever, with the intention of inducing or compelling the 
President or a Member of Parliament, to exercise or 
refrain from exercising in any manner any of the lawful 
powers of such President or Member of Parliament, 

exercise of any 
lawful power. 
[16, 5 of 2021] 
assaults or wrongfully restrains, or attempts wrongfully to 
restrain, or overawes, by means of criminal force or the 
show of criminal force, or attempts so to overawe such 
President or Member of Parliament, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Exciting or 
attempting lo 
excite disaffection. 
[17, 5 of 2021] 
Waging war 
against any Power 
in alliance or at 
peace with the 
Republic. 
120. 
121. 
Whoever by words, either spoken or intended to be read, 
or by signs; or by visible representations, or otherwise, 
excites or attempts to excite feelings of disaffection to the 
President or to the Government of the Republic, or excites 
or attempts to excite hatred to or contempt of the 
administration of justice, or excites or attempts to excite 
the People of Sri Lanka to procure, otherwise than by lawful 
means, the alteration of any matter by law established, or 
attempts to raise discontent or disaffection amongst  the 
People of Sri Lanka, or to promote feelings of ill-will 
and hostility between different classes of such People, shall 
be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which 
may extend to two years. 
Explanation 
It is not an offence under this section by intending to 
show that the President or the Government of the 
Republic have been misled or mistaken in measures, or to 
point out errors or defects in the Government or any part 
of it, or in the administration of justice, with a view to 
the reformation of such alleged errors or defects, or 
to excite the People of Sri Lanka to attempt to procure by 
lawful means the alteration of any matter by Saw 
established, or to point out in order to their removal matters 
which are producing or have a tendency to produce 
feelings of hatred or ill-will between different classes of the 
People of Sri Lanka. 
Whoever wages war against the Government of any 
Power in alliance or at peace with the Republic or 
attempts to wage such war, or abets the waging of such war, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to ten years, to which fine may 
be added, or with fine. 

Committing 
depredation on the 
territories of any 
Power in alliance or 
at peace with the 
Republic. 
122. Whoever commits depredation, or makes preparations to 
commit depredation, on the territories of any Power in 
alliance or at peace with the Republic, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine 
and to forfeiture of any property used, or intended to be 
used, in committing such depredation, or acquired by 
such depredation. 
Receiving property 123. 
taken by war or 
depredation 
mentioned in 
sections 121 and 
122. 
Whoever receives any property knowing the same to have 
been taken in the commission of any of the offences 
mentioned in sections 121 and 122 shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine and 
to forfeiture of the property so received. 
Public servant 
voluntarily 
allowing prisoner 
of State or war in 
his custody to 
escape. 
Public servant 
negligently 
suffering prisoner 
of State or war in 
his custody to 
escape. 
Aiding escape of, 
rescuing, or 
harboring such 
prisoner. 
124. 
125. 
126. 
Whoever, being a public servant, and having the custody 
of any State prisoner or prisoner of war, voluntarily 
allows such prisoner to escape from any place in which  
such prisoner is confined, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to twenty years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever, being a public servant, and having the custody 
of any State prisoner or prisoner of war, negligently 
suffers such prisoner to escape from any place of 
confinement in which such prisoner is confined, shall be 
punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may 
extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever knowingly aids or assists any State prisoner or 
prisoner of war in escaping from lawful custody, or 
rescues or attempts to rescue any such prisoner, or 
harbours or conceals any such prisoner who has escaped 
from lawful custody, or offers or attempts to offer any 
resistance to the recapture of such prisoner, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to twenty years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Explanation 

A State prisoner or prisoner of war, who is permitted to be 
at large on his parole within certain limits in Sri Lanka is 
said to escape from lawful custody if he goes beyond the 
limits within which he is allowed to be at large. 
Authority of 
Attorney-General 
required for 
prosecution under 
this Chapter. 
127. 
No prosecution shall be instituted under this 
Chapter except by, or with the written authority 
of, the Attorney-General. 
CHAPTER VII 
OF OFFENCES RELATING TO THE ARMY, NA VY, AND AIR 
FORCE 
Abetting mutiny or 128. 
attempting to 
seduce a soldier, 
sailor, or airman, 
from his duty. 
Whoever abets the committing of mutiny by an officer, 
soldier, sailor, or airman in the Army, Navy, or Air Force of 
the Republic or attempts to seduce any such officer, soldier, 
sailor, or airman from his allegiance or his duty, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to twenty years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Abetment of 
mutiny, if mutiny 
is committed in 
consequence 
thereof. 
Abetment of an 
assault by a soldier, 
sailor, or airman on 
his superior officer, 
when in the 
execution of his 
office. 
Abetment of such 
assault, if the 
assault is 
129. 
130. 
131. 
Whoever abets the committing of mutiny by an officer, 
soldier, sailor, or airman in the Army, Navy, or Air Force of 
the Republic shall, if mutiny be committed in consequence 
of that abetment, be punished with death or imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to twenty 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever abets an assault by an officer, soldier, sailor, or 
airman in the Army, Navy, or Air Force of the Republic, 
on any superior officer being in the execution of his office, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Whoever abets an assault by an officer, soldier, sailor, or 
airman in the Army, Navy, or Air Force of the Republic, 
on any superior officer being in the execution of his 

committed. office, shall, if such assault be committed in consequence of 
that abetment, be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, and 
shall also be liable to fine. 
Abetment of the 
desertion of a 
soldier. sailor, or 
airman. 
Harbouring a 
deserter. 
132. 
133. 
Whoever abets the desertion of any officer, soldier, sailor, or 
airman in the Army, Navy, or Air Force of the Republic 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Whoever, except as hereinafter excepted, knowing or 
having reason to believe that an officer, soldier, sailor, or 
airman in the Army, Navy, or Air Force of the Republic has 
deserted, harbours such officer, soldier, sailor, or airman 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Exception 
This provision does not extend to the case in which the 
harbour is given by a wife to her husband. 
Deserter concealed 134. 
on board merchant 
vessel though 
negligence of 
master. 
The master or person in charge of a merchant vessel on 
board of which any deserter from the Army, Navy, or Air 
Force of the Republic is concealed, shall, through 
ignorant of such concealment, be liable to a penalty not 
exceeding five hundred rupees, if he might have known of 
such concealment but for some neglect of his duty as such 
master or person in charge, or but for some want of 
discipline on board of the vessel. 
Abetment of act of 
insubordination by 
a soldier, sailor or 
airman. 
135. Whoever abets what he knows to be an act of 
insubordination by an officer, soldier, sailor, or airman in 
the Army, Navy, or Air Force of the Republic shall, if such 
act of insubordination be committed in consequence of 
that abetment, be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to six months, or 
with fine, or with both. 

Persons subject to 
Army Act, Navy 
Act, or Air Force 
Act not punishable 
for offences in this 
Chapter. 
Wearing the dress 
of a soldier, sailor, 
or airman. 
136. 
137. 
No person subject to the provisions of the Army Act, 
Navy Act or the Air Force Act or any similar law for the 
time being in force, or to any regulations made there 
under, is subject to punishment under this Code for any of 
the offences defined in this Chapter. 
Whoever, not being a soldier, sailor, or airman in the 
military, naval, or air service of the Republic wears any 
garb, or carries any token resembling any garb or token  
used by such a soldier, sailor, or airman, with the 
intention that it may be believed that he is such a soldier, 
sailor, or airman, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to three 
months, or with fine which may extend to one hundred 
rupees, or with both. 
CHAPTER VIII 
OF OFFENCES AGAINST THE PUBLIC TRANQUILLITY 
Unlawful 
assembly. 
[18, 5 of 2021] 
138. An assembly of five or more persons is designated an 
'unlawful assembly' if the common object of the persons 
composing that assembly is- 
Firstly- To overawe by criminal force, or show of 
criminal force, the Government of the Republic or 
the Parliament or any public servant in the exercise 
of the lawful power of such public servant; or 
Secondly- To resist the execution of any law or of 
any legal process; or 
Thirdly- To commit any mischief or criminal 
trespass or other offence; or 
Fourthly- By means of criminal force, or show of 
criminal force, to any person, to take or obtain 
possession of any property, or to deprive any person or 
the public of the enjoyment of a right of way or of the 
use of water or other incorporeal right of which such 
person or public is in possession or enjoyment, or to 
enforce any right or supposed right; or 

Fifthly- By means of criminal, force, or show of 
criminal force, to compel any person to do what he is 
not legally bound to do, or to omit to do what he is 
legally entitled to do; or 
Sixthly- That the persons assembled, or any of them, 
may train or drill themselves, or be trained or drilled to 
the use of arms, or practicing military movements or 
evolutions, without the consent of the President of the 
Republic. 
Explanation 
An assembly which was not unlawful when it assembled 
may subsequently become an unlawful assembly. 
Being a member of 139. 
an unlawful 
assembly. 
Whoever, being aware of facts which render any 
assembly an unlawful assembly, intentionally joins that 
assembly, or continues in it. is said to be a member of an 
unlawful assembly. 
Punishment. 
Joining an 
unlawful assembly 
armed with any 
deadly weapon. 
Joining or 
continuing in an 
unlawful assembly 
knowing that it has 
been commanded 
to disperse. 
Force used by one 
member in 
prosecution of 
common object. 
140. 
141. 
142. 
143. 
Whoever is a member of an unlawful assembly shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to six months, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whoever, being armed with any deadly weapon, or with 
anything which used as a weapon of offence, is likely to 
cause death, is a member of an unlawful assembly, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whoever joins or continues in an unlawful assembly 
knowing that such unlawful assembly has been 
commanded by lawful authority to disperse, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whenever force or violence is used by an unlawful 
assembly, or by any member, thereof, in prosecution of 
the common object of such assembly, every member of  
such assembly is guilty of the offence of rioting. 

Punishment for 
rioting . 
Rioting, armed 
with a deadly 
weapon. 
Every member of 
an unlawful 
assembly to be 
deemed guilty of 
any offence 
committed in 
prosecution of 
common object. 
Hiring or conniving 
at hiring of person 
to join an unlawful 
assembly. 
Knowingly joining 
or continuing in 
any assembly of 
five or more 
persons after it has 
been commanded 
to disperse. 
144. 
145. 
146. 
147. 
148. 
Whoever is guilty of rioting shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever is guilty of rioting, being armed with a deadly 
weapon, or with anything which, used as a weapon of 
offence, is likely to cause death, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
If an offence is committed by any member of an unlawful 
assembly in prosecution of the common object of that 
assembly, or such as the members of that assembly knew 
to be likely to be committed in prosecution of that object, 
every person who, at the time of the committing of that 
offence, is a member of the same assembly is guilty of 
that offence. 
Whoever hires, or engages, or employs, or promotes or 
connives at the hiring, engagement, or employment of any 
person to join or become a member of any unlawful 
assembly, shall be punishable as a member of such unlawful 
assembly, and for any offence which may be committed by 
any such person as a member of such unlawful assembly, in 
pursuance of such hiring, engagement, or employment, in 
the same manner as if he had been a member of such 
unlawful assembly, or himself had committed such offence. 
Whoever knowingly joins or continues in any assembly of 
five or more persons likely to cause a disturbance of the 
public peace, after such assembly has been lawfully 
commanded to disperse, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to six months, or with fine, or with both. 
Explanation 
If  the  assembly  is  an  unlawful  assembly  within 
the  meaning  of  section  138,  the  offender  will 

be punishable under section 142. 
Assaulting or 
obstructing public 
servant when 
suppressing riot 
,&c. 
149. Whoever assaults or threatens to assault, or obstructs or 
attempts to obstruct, any public servant in the discharge of 
his duty as such public servant in endeavoring to disperse an 
unlawful assembly, or to suppress a riot or affray, or uses, 
or threatens, or attempts to use criminal force to such 
public servant, shall be punished with imprisonment  of 
either description for a term which may extend to three 
years, or with fine, or with both. 
Wantonly giving 
provocation, with 
intent to cause riot. 
150. 
If rioting 
be 
committed. 
If not 
committed. 
Whoever maliciously or wantonly, by doing anything 
which is illegal, gives provocation to any person  
intending or knowing it to be likely that such provocation, 
will cause the offence of rioting to be committed, shall, 
if the offence of rioting be committed in consequence of 
such provocation, be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to one 
year, or with fine, or with both; and if the offence of 
rioting be not committed, 
with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to six months, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Owner or occupier 
of land on which 
an unlawful 
assembly is held. 
151. Whenever any unlawful assembly or riot takes place, the 
owner or occupier of the land upon which such unlawful 
assembly is held or such riot is committed, and any 
person having or claiming an interest in such land, shall 
be punishable with fine not exceeding one thousand 
rupees, if he, knowing that such offence is being or has  
been committed, or having reason to believe it is likely to 
be committed, do not give the earliest notice thereof in his 
power to the nearest police officer, and do not, in the case 
of his having reason to believe that it was about to be 
committed, use all lawful means in his power to prevent 
it, and in the event of its taking place do not use all lawful 
means in his power to disperse or suppress the riot or 
unlawful assembly. 

Liability of person 
for whose benefit a 
riot is committed. 
Liability of agent 
of owner or 
occupier for whose 
benefit a riot is 
committed. 
Harbouring 
Persons hired for 
an unlawful 
assembly. 
152. 
153. 
154. 
Whenever a riot is committed for the benefit or on behalf 
of any person who is the owner or occupier of any land 
respecting which such riot takes place, or who claims any 
interest in such land, or in the subject of any dispute 
which gave rise to the riot, or who has accepted or 
derived any benefit therefrom, such person shall be 
punishable with fine, if he, having reason to believe that 
such riot was likely to be committed, or that the unlawful 
assembly by which such riot was committed was likely to 
be held, shall not use all lawful means in his power to 
prevent such assembly or riot from taking place and for 
suppressing and dispersing the same. 
Whenever a riot is committed for the benefit or on behalf 
of any person who is the owner or occupier of any land 
respecting which such riot takes place, or who claims any 
interest in such land, or in the subject of any dispute 
which gave rise to the riot, or who has accepted or 
derived any benefit there from. the agent or manager of 
such person shall be punishable with fine, if such agent or 
manager, having reason to believe that such not was 
likely to be committed, or that the unlawful assembly by 
which such riot was committed was likely to be held, 
shall not use all lawful means in his power to prevent 
such riot, or assembly from taking place and for  
suppressing and dispersing the same. 
Whoever harbours, receives, or assembles in any house or 
premises in his occupation or charge or under his control, 
any persons, knowing that such persons have been hired, 
engaged, or employed, or are about to be hired, engaged, or 
employed, to join or become members of an unlawful 
assembly, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to six months, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Being hired to take 155. 
Part in an unlawful 
assembly or riot. 
Whoever is engaged or hired, or offers or attempts to be 
hired or engaged, to do or assist in doing any of the acts 
specified in section 138, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 

Or to go 
armed. 
extend to six months, or with fine, or with both; 
and whoever, being so engaged or hired as aforesaid, goes 
armed or engages or offers to go armed with any deadly 
weapon or with anything which, used as a weapon of 
offence, is likely to cause death, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
'Affray'. 
Punishment for 
committing affray. 
156. 
157. 
When two or more persons, by fighting in a 
public place disturb the public peace, they are 
said to 'commit an affray'. 
Whoever commits an affray shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one month, or with fine which may extend to 
one hundred rupees, or with both. 
CHAPTER IX 
OF OFFENCES BY OR RELATING TO PUBLIC SERV ANTS 
Public servant 
taking a 
gratification other 
than legal 
remuneration in 
respect of an 
official act. 
[19, 5 of 2021] 
158. Whoever, being or expecting to be a public servant, accepts 
or obtains or agrees to accept or attempts to obtain from 
any person, for himself or for any other  person, any 
gratification whatever, other than legal remuneration, as a 
motive or reward for doing or forbearing to do any official 
act, or for showing or forbearing to show, in the exercise 
of his official functions, favour or disfavor to any person, 
or for rendering or attempting to render any service or 
disservice to any person with the Government of the 
Republic, or with any public servant as such, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, or with fine, or with 
both- 
Explanations 
' Expecting to be a public servant ': If a person not 
expecting to be in office, obtains a gratification by 
deceiving others into a belief that he is about to be in office, 
and that he will then serve them, he may be guilty 

of cheating, but he is not guilty of the offence defined in 
this section. 
'Gratification': The word 'gratification' is not restricted to 
pecuniary gratifications or to gratification estimable in 
money. 
'Legal remuneration': The words 'legal remuneration' are  
not restricted to remuneration which a public servant can 
lawfully demand, but include all remuneration which he 
is permitted by the Government which he serves to 
accept. 
'A motive or reward for doing': A person who receives a 
gratification as a motive for doing what he does not 
intend to do or as a reward for doing what he has not 
done, comes within these words. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, expecting to be called as a juryman, obtains from 
Z, a banker, a situation in Z's bank for A's brother, as a 
reward to A for giving a verdict in favour of Z. A has 
committed the offence defined in this section. 
(b)A, a public servant, induces Z erroneously to believe 
that A's influence with the Government has obtained a 
title for Z. and thus induces Z to give A money as a 
reward for this service. A has committed the offence 
defined in this section. 
Taking a 
gratification in 
order by corrupt or 
illegal means, to 
influence a public 
servant. 
[20, 5 of 2021] 
159. Whoever accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or 
attempts to obtain, from any person, for himself or for any 
other person, any gratification whatever as a motive or 
reward for inducing, by corrupt or illegal means, any public 
servant to do or to forbear to do any official act, or in the 
exercise of the official functions of such public servant to 
show favour or disfavor to any person, or to render  or 
attempt to render any service or disservice to any person 
with the Parliament or the Executive Government of the 
Republic, or with any public servant, as such, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 

Taking a 
gratification for the 
exercise of 
personal influence 
with a public 
servant. 
[21, 5 of 2021] 
Punishment for 
abetment by public 
servant of the 
offences above 
defined. 
Public servant 
disobeying a 
160. 
161. 
162. 
Whoever accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or 
attempts to obtain, from any person, for himself or for any 
other person, any gratification whatever as a influence 
with motive or reward for inducing,' by the a public exercise 
of personal influence, any public servant to do or to forbear 
to do any official act, or in the exercise of the official 
functions of such public servant to show favour or disfavor 
to any person, or to render or attempt to render any 
service or disservice to any person with the Parliament or 
the Executive Government of the Republic, or with any 
public servant, as such, shall be punished with simple 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Illustration 
An attorney-at-law who receives a fee for arguing a case 
before a judge; a person who receives pay for arranging and 
correcting a memorial addressed to Government,  setting 
forth the services and claims of the memorialize; a paid  
agent for a condemned criminal, who lays before the  
Government  statements  tending  to  show  that the 
condemnation was unjust-are not within this section 
inasmuch as they do not exercise or profess to exercise 
personal influence. 
Whoever, being a public servant, in respect of whom 
either of the offences defined in the last two preceding 
sections is committed, abets the offence, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
Illustration 
A is a public servant. B, A's wife, receives a present as a 
motive for soliciting A to give an office to a particular 
person, A abets her doing so. B is punishable with 
imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year, or with 
fine, or with both. A is punishable with imprisonment for 
a term which may extend to three years, or with fine, or  
with both. 
Whoever, being a public servant, knowingly disobeys any 
direction of the law as to the way in which he is to 

direction of the law 
with intent to cause 
injury to any 
person or the 
Republic. 
[22, 5 of 2021] 
conduct himself as such public servant, intending to cause 
or knowing it to be likely that he will, by such disobedience, 
cause injury to any person or to the Republic, shall be 
punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may 
extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 
Illustration 
A, being' an officer directed by law to take property in 
execution, in order to satisfy a decree pronounced in Z's 
favour by a Court of Justice knowingly disobeys that 
direction of law. with the knowledge that he is likely  
thereby to cause injury to Z. A has committed the offence 
defined in this section. 
Public servant 
framing an 
incorrect document 
with intent to cause 
injury. 
Fraudulent or 
malicious infraction 
of duty by public 
servant in Posts or 
telecommunications 
Departments. 
163. 
164. 
Whoever, being a public servant, and being, as such 
public servant, charged with the preparation or translation 
of any document, frames or translates that document in a 
manner which he knows or believes to be incorrect, 
intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely that he 
may thereby cause, injury to any person, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, being a public servant, employed in the Posts 
or Telecommunications Department of Government, 
fraudulently or maliciously secretes, makes away with, 
alters, or omits to transmit any message which may have 
been lawfully delivered to him for transmission, or 
fraudulently or maliciously discloses to any person not 
authorized to receive the same any message received by  
him in the course of his employment as aforesaid, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description, which 
may extend to a term of two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Misconduct by 
public servant in 
Posts 
Telecommunications 
165. Whoever, being a public servant, employed in the Posts 
or Telecommunications Department of Government, by 
drunkenness, carelessness, or other misconduct, 
endangers or delays the transmission of any message, 

Departments. letter, or postal packet, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three months or with fine which may extend to 
fifty rupees, or with both. 
Fraud by public 
servant in Posts or 
Telecommunications 
Departments. 
Injury to messages, 
&c., committed by 
public servants in 
Posts or 
Telecommunications 
Departments. 
166. 
167. 
Whoever, being a public servant, employed in the Posts 
or Telecommunications Department of Government, 
transmits by telegraph any message upon which the 
prescribed charge has not been paid, with intent thereby 
to defraud, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, being a public servant, employed in the Posts 
or Telecommunications Department of Government, 
does, contrary to his duty, secrete, destroy, mutilate, or 
break open any telegraph dispatch or letter or postal  
packet, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, 
or with fine, or with both. 
Personating a 
Public servant. 
Wearing garb or 
carrying token 
used by public 
servants with 
fraudulent intent. 
168. 
169. 
Whoever pretends to hold any particular office, as a 
public servant, knowing that he does not hold such office, 
or falsely personates any other person holding such office, 
and in such assumed character does or attempts to do any 
act under colour of such office, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, not belonging to a certain class of public servants, 
wears any garb or token used by that class of public 
servants, with the intention that it may be believed, or with 
the knowledge that it is likely to be believed, that  he 
belongs to that class of public servants, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three months, or with fine which may 
extend, to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
CHAPTER IXA 
OF OFFENCES RELATING TO ELECTIONS 

" Candidate " and " 169A. 
electoral right". 
For the purposes of this Chapter 
(a)'candidate' means a person who has been 
nominated as a candidate at any election and  
includes a person who, when an election is in 
contemplation, holds himself out as a prospective 
candidate thereat: 
Provided that he is subsequently nominated as a 
candidate at such election; 
(b)'electoral right' means the right of a person to 
stand, or not to stand as, or to withdraw from 
being, a candidate, or to vote or refrain from voting 
at an election. 
Bribery in 
connection with an, 
election. 
169B. (1)Whoever 
(a)gives a gratification to any person with the  
object of inducing him or any other person to 
exercise any electoral right or of rewarding any 
person for having exercised any such right; or 
(b)accepts either for himself or for any other person 
any gratification as a reward for exercising any such 
right or for inducing or attempting to  induce any 
other person to exercise any such right; 
commits the offence of bribery: 
Provided that a declaration of public policy or a promise 
of public action shall not be an offence under this 
section. 
(2)A person who offers, or agrees to give, or offers or 
attempts to procure, a gratification shall be deemed to 
give a gratification. 
(3)A person who obtains, or agrees to accept, or attempts 
to obtain, a gratification shall be deemed to accept a 
gratification, and a person who accepts a gratification 
as a motive for doing what he does not intend to do, or 
as a reward for doing what he has not done, shall be 
deemed to have accepted the gratification as a reward. 

Undue Influence at 169C. 
elections . 
(1)Whoever voluntarily interferes, or attempts to 
interfere, with the free exercise of any electoral right 
commits the offence of undue influence at an election. 
(2)Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions 
of subsection (1), whoever- 
(a)threatens any candidate or voter, or any person in 
whom a candidate or voter is interested, with injury 
of any kind; or 
(b)induces or attempts to induce a candidate or 
voter to believe that he or any person in whom he 
is interested will become or will be rendered an 
object of Divine displeasure or of spiritual censure; 
shall be deemed to interfere with the free exercise of the 
electoral right of such candidate or voter, within the 
meaning of subsection (1). 
(3)A declaration of public policy or a promise of public 
action, or the mere exercise of a legal right without 
intent to interfere with an electoral right, shall not be 
deemed to be interference within the meaning of this 
section. 
Personation at 
elections. 
Punishment for 
bribery. 
169D. 
169E. 
(1)Whoever at an election applies for a voting paper or 
votes in the name of any other person, whether living or 
dead, or in a fictitious name, or who having voted 
once at such election applies at the same election for a 
voting paper in his own name, and whoever abets, 
procures, or attempts to procure, the voting by any 
person in any such way commits the offence of 
personation at an election. 
(2)For the purposes of this section, the word ' election ' 
includes any proceeding in which a poll or ballot is 
taken for the purpose of ascertaining the opinion of the 
majority of any specified set of persons on any question 
held under or by virtue of any enactment or any rules or 
regulations made thereunder. 
Whoever commits the offence of bribery shall be liable 
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five 
hundred rupees: 

Provided that bribery by treating shall be punished 
with a fine not exceeding two hundred rupees. 
Explanation 
'Treating ' means that form of bribery where the 
gratification consists in food, drink, entertainment, or 
provision. 
Punishment for 
undue influence or 
personation at an 
election. 
False statement in 
connection with an 
election. 
Failure to keep 
election accounts. 
169F. 
169G. 
169H. 
Whoever commits the offence of undue influence at an 
election shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not 
exceeding five hundred rupees, and whoever commits 
the offence of personation at an election shall be liable 
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding three 
hundred rupees. 
Whoever with intent to affect the result of an election 
makes or publishes any statement purporting to be a 
statement of fact which is false and which he either knows 
or believes to be false or does not believe to be true, in 
relation to the personal character or conduct of  any 
candidate, shall be guilty of an offence and shall be 
punished with fine. 
Whoever being required by any law for the time being in 
force or any rule having the force of law to keep 
accounts of expenses incurred at or in connection with 
an election, fails to keep such accounts, shall on  
conviction be punished with fine which may extend to 
three hundred rupees. 
CHAPTER X 
OF CONTEMPTS OF THE LAWFULAUTHORITY OF 
PUBLIC SERV ANTS 
Absconding to 
avoid service of 
summons, notice or 
order proceeding 
from a public 
servant. 
170. Whoever absconds in order to avoid being served with a 
summons, notice, or order proceeding from any public 
servant legally competent, as such public servant, to issue 
such summons, notice, or order, shall be punished with 
simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to one 
month, or with fine which may extend to fifty rupees, or 

with both; or, if the summons, notice, or order is to attend in 
person or by agent, or to produce a document in a Court of 
Justice, with simple imprisonment for a term which may 
extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to one 
hundred rupees, or with both. 
Preventing service 
of summons, notice 
or order 
proceeding from a 
public servant or 
preventing 
publication thereof. 
Non-attendance in 
obedience to an 
order from a public 
servant. 
171. 
172. 
Whoever in any manner intentionally prevents the serving 
on himself, or on any other person, of any summons, notice, 
or order proceeding from any public servant legally 
competent, as such public servant, to issue such summons, 
notice, or order, 
or intentionally prevents the lawful affixing to any place 
of any such summons, notice, or order, 
or intentionally removes any such summons, notice, or 
order from any place to which it is lawfully affixed, 
or intentionally prevents the lawful making of any 
proclamation, under the authority of any public servant 
legally competent, as such public servant, to direct such 
proclamation to be made, 
shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term 
which may extend to one month, or with fine which may 
extend to fifty rupees, or with both; 
or, if the summons, notice, or order, or proclamation is to 
attend in person or by agent, or to produce a document in 
a Court of Justice, with simple imprisonment for a term 
which may extend to six months, or with fine which may 
extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever, being legally bound to attend in person or by an 
agent at a certain place and time in obedience to a  
summons, notice, order, or proclamation proceeding from 
any public servant legally competent, as such public  
servant, to issue the same, intentionally omits to attend at 
that place or time, 
or departs from the place where he is bound to attend before 
the time at which it is lawful for him to depart, 
shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term 
which may extend to one month, or with fine which may 
extend to fifty rupees, or with both; 

or, if the summons, notice, order, or proclamation is to 
attend in person or by agent in a Court of Justice, with 
simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to six 
months, or with fine which may extend to one hundred 
rupees, or with both. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, being legally bound to appear before the Supreme Court or the 
High Court at Colombo, in obedience to a summons, intentionally 
omits to appear. A has committed the offence defined in this section. 
(b)A, being legally bound to appear before a District Judge or a 
Magistrate as a witness in obedience to a summons issued by that 
District Judge or Magistrate, intentionally omits to appear. A has 
committed the offence defined in this section. 
Omission to 
produce a 
document to a 
public servant by a 
person legally 
bound to produce 
such document. 
Omission to give 
notice or 
information to a 
public servant by a 
person legally 
bound to give 
notice or 
information. 
173. 
174. 
Whoever, being legally bound to produce or deliver up 
any document to any public servant, as such, intentionally 
omits so to produce or deliver up the same, shall be 
punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may 
extend to one month, or with fine which may extend to 
fifty rupees, or with both; 
or, if the document is to be produced or delivered up to a 
Court of Justice, with simple imprisonment for a term which 
may extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to 
one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Illustration 
A, being legally bound to produce a document before a 
District Court or a Magistrate's Court, intentionally omits 
to produce the same. A has committed the offence defined 
in this section. 
Whoever, being legally bound to give any notice or to 
furnish information on any subject to any public servant, 
as such, intentionally omits to give such notice or to furnish 
such information in the manner and at the time required by 
law, shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term 
which may extend to one month, or with fine which may 
extend to fifty rupees, or with both; 

or, if the notice or information required to be given respects 
the commission of an offence, or is required for  the 
purpose of preventing the commission of an offence, or 
in order to the apprehension of an offender, with simple 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, 
or with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both. 
Furnishing false 
information. 
Refusing oath when 
duly required to 
take oath by a 
public servant. 
175. 
176. 
Whoever, being legally bound to furnish information on any 
subject to any public servant, as such, furnishes, as true, 
information on the subject which he knows or has reason to 
believe to be false, shall be punished with simple 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, 
or with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both; 
or, if the information which he is legally bound to give 
respects the commission of an offence, or is required for the 
purpose of preventing the commission of an offence, or 
in order to the apprehension of an offender, with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Illustration 
A, a landowner, knowing of the commission of a murder 
within the limits of his estate, wilfully misinforms the 
Magistrate of the division that the death has occurred by 
accident in consequence of the bite of a snake, A is guilty of 
the offence defined in this section. 
Whoever refuses to bind himself by an oath or an 
affirmation to state the truth, when required to bind 
himself by a public servant legally competent to require that 
shall so bind himself, shall be punished with simple 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, 
or with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both. 
Refusing to answer 177. 
a public servant 
authorized to 
question. 
Whoever, being legally bound to state the truth on any 
subject to any public servant, refuses to answer any  
question demanded of him touching that subject by such 
public servant, in the exercise of the legal powers of such 

public servant, shall be punished with simple 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, 
or with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both. 
Refusing to sign 
statement. 
False statement on 
oath to public 
servant or person 
authorized to 
administer an oath. 
False information 
with intent to cause 
a public servant to 
use his lawful 
power to the injury 
of another person. 
178. 
179. 
180. 
Whoever refuses to sign any statement made by him, 
when required to sign that statement by a public servant 
legally competent to require that he shall sign that  
statement, shall be punished with simple imprisonment 
for a term which may extend to three months, or with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever, being legally bound by an oath or an 
affirmation to state the truth on any subject to any public 
servant or other person authorized by law to administer  
such oath or affirmation, makes to such public servant or 
other person as aforesaid, touching that subject, any 
statement which is false, and which he either knows or 
believes to be false or does not believe to be true, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to 
a fine. 
Whoever gives to any public servant any information which 
he knows or believes to be false, intending thereby  to 
cause, or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby cause, 
such public servant to use the lawful power of such public 
servant to the injury or annoyance of any person, or to 
do or omit anything which such public servant ought not to 
do or omit, if the true state of facts respecting which 
such information is given were known by him, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to six months, or with fine which may 
extend to one thousand rupees, or with both. 
Illustrations 
(a)A informs the Inspector-General of Police that Z, a 
police officer, has been guilty of neglect of duty or 
misconduct, knowing such information to be false, and 
knowing it to be likely that the information will cause the 
Inspector-General to dismiss Z. A has committed the 

offence defined in this section. 
(b)A  falsely  informs  a  public  servant  that  Z has  
contraband  salt  in  a  secret  place,  knowing such 
information to be false, and knowing that it is likely that 
the consequence of the information will be a search of 
Z's premises, attended with annoyance to Z. A has 
committed the offence defined in this section. 
Resistance to 
taking of property 
by the lawful 
authority of a 
public servant. 
181. Whoever offers any resistance to the taking of any 
property by the lawful authority of any public servant, 
knowing or having reason to believe that he is such public 
servant, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to six months, or 
with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both. 
Obstructing sale of 182. 
property offered 
for sale by 
authority of a 
public servant. 
Whoever intentionally obstructs any sale of property offered 
for sale by the lawful authority of any public servant, as 
such, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to one month, or 
with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with 
both. 
Obstructing public 
servant in 
discharge of his 
public functions. 
Omission to assist 
public servant when 
bound by law to 
give assistance. 
183. 
184. 
Whoever voluntarily obstructs or any public servant or 
any person acting under the lawful orders of such public 
servant in the discharge of his public functions, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three months, or with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever, being bound by law to render or furnish 
assistance to any public servant in the execution of his 
public duty, intentionally omits to give such assistance,  
shall be punished with simple imprisonment assistance 
for a term which may extend to one month, or with fine 
which may extend to fifty rupees, or with both; 
and if such assistance be demanded of him by a public 
servant legally competent to make such demand for the 
purposes of executing any process lawfully issued by a 
Court of Justice, or of preventing the commission of an 
offence, or of suppressing a riot, unlawful assembly, or 

affray, or of apprehending a person charged with or guilty 
of an offence or of having escaped from lawful custody, 
shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term 
which may extend to six months, or with fine which may 
extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Disobedience to an 185. 
order duly 
promulgated by a 
public servant. 
Whoever, knowing that, by an order promulgated by a 
public servant lawfully empowered to promulgate such- 
order, he is directed to abstain from a certain act, or to 
take certain order with certain property in his possession 
or under his management, disobeys such direction, 
shall, if such disobedience causes or tends to cause 
obstruction, annoyance, or injury, or risk of obstruction, 
annoyance, or injury, to any persons lawfully employed, 
be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which 
may extend to one month, or with fine which may extend 
to fifty rupees, or with both; 
and if such disobedience causes or tends to cause danger 
to human life, health, or safety, or causes or tends to cause a 
riot or affray, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to six months, or 
with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with 
both. 
Explanation 
It is not necessary that the offender should intend to  
produce harm, or contemplate his disobedience as likely 
to produce harm. It is sufficient that he knows of the order 
which he disobeys, and that his disobedience produces, or is 
likely to produce, harm. 
Illustration 
An order is promulgated by a public servant lawfully 
empowered to promulgate such order, directing that a 
religious procession shall not pass down a certain street. A 
knowingly disobeys the order, and thereby causes danger 
of riot. A has committed the offence defined in this 
section. 
Threat of injury to 
a public servant. 
186. Whoever holds out any threat of injury to any public 
servant, or to any person in whom he believes that public 
servant to be interested, for the purpose of inducing that 

public servant to do any act, or to forbear or delay to do any 
act, connected with the exercise Of the public functions of 
such public servant, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to two years, 
or with fine, or with both. 
Threat of injury to 
induce any person 
to refrain from 
applying for 
protection to a 
public servant. 
187. Whoever holds out any threat of injury to any person for the 
purpose of inducing that person to refrain or desist from 
making a legal application, for protection against any 
injury, to any public servant legally empowered as such to 
give such protection or to cause such protection to be given, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or 
with both. 
CHAPTER XI 
OF FALSE EVIDENCE AND OFFENCES AGAINST PUBLIC 
JUSTICE 
Giving "false 
evidence". 
188. Whoever, being legally bound by an oath or affirmation, 
or by any express provision of law to state the truth, or  
being bound by law to make a declaration upon any subject, 
makes any statement which is false, and which he either 
knows or believes to be false, or does not believe to be true, 
is said to give ' false evidence '. 
Wherever in any enactment the word ' perjury ' occurs, 
such enactment shall be read as if the words ' giving false 
evidence ' were therein used instead of the word ' perjury 
'. 
Explanation 1 
A statement is within the meaning of this section whether 
it is made verbally or otherwise. 
Explanation 2 
A false statement as to the belief of the person attesting is 
within the meaning of this section, and a person may be 
guilty of giving false evidence by stating that he believes 
a thing which he does not believe, as well as by stating 
that he knows a thing which he does not know. 

Illustrations 
(a)A, in support of a just claim which B has against Z for 
one thousand rupees, falsely swears on a trial that he 
heard Z admit the Justice of B's claim. A has given false 
evidence. 
(b)A, being bound by an oath to state the truth, states that 
he believes a certain signature to be the handwriting of Z, 
when he docs not believe it to be the handwriting of Z. Here 
A states that which he knows to be false, and  therefore 
gives false evidence. 
(c)A, knowing the general character of Z's handwriting, 
states that he believes a certain signature to be the 
handwriting of Z, A in good faith believing it to be so. 
Here A's statement is merely as to his belief, and is true as 
to his belief, and therefore, although the signature may 
not be the handwriting of Z, A has not given false 
evidence. 
(d)A, being bound by an oath to state the truth, states that 
he knows that Z was at a particular place on a particular 
day, not knowing anything upon the subject. A gives false 
evidence, whether Z was at that place on the day named 
or not. 
(e)A, an interpreter or translator, gives or certifies as a true 
interpretation or translation of a statement or  document, 
which he is bound by oath to interpret or translate truly, that 
which is not and which he does not believe to be a true 
interpretation or translation. A has given false evidence. 
" Fabricating false 
evidence ". 
189. Whoever causes any circumstance to exist, or makes any 
false entry in any book or record, or makes any document 
containing a false statement, intending that such 
circumstance, false entry, or false statement may appear in 
evidence in a judicial proceeding, or in a proceeding taken 
by law before a public servant as such, or before an 

arbitrator, and that such circumstance, false entry, or false 
statement, so appearing in evidence, may cause any 
person, who in such proceeding is to form an opinion 
upon the evidence, to entertain an erroneous opinion 
touching any point material to the result of such proceeding, 
is said 'to fabricate false evidence'. 
Illustrations 
(a)A puts jewels into a box belonging to Z, with the 
intention that they may be found in that box, and that this 
circumstance may cause Z to be convicted of theft. A has 
fabricated false evidence. 
(b)A makes a false entry in his shop book for the purpose 
of using it as corroborative evidence in a Court of Justice. A 
has fabricated false evidence. 
(c)A, with the intention of causing 2 to be convicted of a 
criminal conspiracy, writes a letter in imitation of Z's 
handwriting, purporting to be addressed to an accomplice in 
such criminal conspiracy, and puts the letter in a place 
which he knows that the officers of the police are likely 
to search. A has fabricated false evidence. 
Punishment for 
giving or 
fabricating false 
evidence. 
190. Whoever intentionally gives false evidence in any stage of 
a judicial proceeding, or fabricates false evidence for the 
purpose of being used in any stage of a judicial 
proceeding, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, and 
shall also be liable to fine; 
and whoever intentionally gives or fabricates false 
evidence in any other case shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Explanation 1 
A trial before a court-martial or before a military court of 
requests is a judicial proceeding. 
Explanation 2 
An  investigation  directed  by  law,  preliminary  to 
a proceeding before a Court of Justice, is a stage of a 
judicial proceeding, though that investigation may not 
take place before a Court of Justice. 

Illustration 
A, in an inquiry before a Magistrate for the purpose of 
ascertaining whether Z ought to be committed for trial, 
makes on oath a statement which he knows to be false. As 
this inquiry is a stage of a judicial proceeding, A has 
given false evidence. 
Explanation 3 
An investigation directed by a Court of Justice according 
to law, and conducted under the authority of a Court of 
Justice, is a stage of a judicial proceeding, though that 
investigation may not take place before a Court of Justice. 
Illustration 
A, in an inquiry before an officer deputed by a Court of 
Justice to ascertain on the spot the boundaries of land, 
makes on oath or affirmation a statement which he knows to 
be false. As this inquiry is a stage of a Judicial proceeding, 
A has given false evidence. 
Giving or 
fabricating false 
evidence with 
intent to procure 
conviction of a 
capital offence. 
[23, 5 of 2021] 
Giving or 
fabricating false 
evidence with 
intent to procure 
conviction of an 
offence punishable 
191. 
192. 
If 
innocent 
person 
be 
convicted 
and 
executed 
Whoever gives or fabricates false evidence, intending 
thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely that he will 
thereby cause, any person to be convicted of an offence 
which is punishable with death by this code or any other 
enactment for the time being in force, shall be punished 
with rigorous imprisonment for a term which may extend to 
ten years, and shall also be liable to fine; 
and if an innocent person be convicted and executed in 
consequence of such false evidence, the person who gives 
such false evidence shall be punished with death. 
Whoever gives or fabricates false evidence intending 
thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely that he will 
thereby cause, any person to be convicted of an offence 
which by this code or any other enactment for the time  
being in force, but punishable with imprisonment for a 

with imprisonment 
for seven years or 
upwards. 
[23, 5 of 2021] 
term of seven years or upwards, shall be punished as a 
person convicted of that offence would be liable to be 
punished. 
Illustration 
A gives false evidence before a Court of Justice, intending 
thereby to cause Z to be convicted of a robbery. The 
punishment of robbery is rigorous imprisonment for a 
term which may extend to ten years, with or without fine. 
A, therefore, is liable to such imprisonment, with or without 
fine. 
Using evidence 
known to be false. 
193. Whoever corruptly uses or attempts to use as true or  
genuine evidence any evidence which he knows to be 
false or fabricated shall be punished in the same manner 
as if he gave or fabricated false evidence. 
Issuing or signing a 194. 
false certificate. 
Whoever issues or signs any certificate required by law to 
be given or signed, or relating to any fact of which such 
certificate is by law admissible in evidence, knowing or 
believing that such certificate is false in any material 
point, shall be punished in the same manner as if he gave 
false evidence. 
Using as a true 
certificate one 
known to be false 
in a material point. 
False statement 
made in any 
declaration which 
is by law 
receivable as 
evidence. 
Using as true any 
such declaration 
known to be false. 
195. 
196. 
197. 
Whoever corruptly uses or attempts to use any such 
certificate as a true certificate, knowing the same to be 
false in any material point, shall be punished in the same 
manner as if he gave false evidence. 
Whoever, in any declaration made or subscribed by him, 
which declaration any Court of Justice, or any public 
servant or other person, is bound or authorized by law to 
receive, makes any statement which is false, and which he 
either knows or believes to be false or does not believe to be 
true, touching any point material to the object for which 
the declaration is made or used, shall be punished in the 
same manner as if he gave false evidence. 
Whoever corruptly uses or attempts to use as true any 
such declaration, knowing the same to be false in any 
material point, shall be punished in the same manner as if 

he gave false evidence. 
Explanation 
A declaration which is inadmissible merely upon the ground of 
some informality is a declaration within the meaning of sections 
196 and 197. 
Causing 
disappearance of 
evidence of an 
offence committed, 
or giving false 
information 
touching it, to 
screen the offender. 
198. Whoever, knowing or having reason to believe 
that an offence has been committed, causes 
any evidence of the commission of that 
offence to disappear, with the intention of 
screening the offender from legal punishment, 
or with that intention gives any information 
respecting the offence which he knows or 
believes to be false, 
If a capital offence.  shall,  if  the  offence  which  he  knows  or 
believes to have been committed is punishable 
with death, be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to 
fine; 
If punishable 
with ten years' 
imprisonment. 
If punishable 
with less than ten 
years, imprisonment. 
and if the offence is punishable with 
imprisonment which may extend to ten years, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to  
three years, and shall also be liable to fine; 
and if the offence is punishable with 
imprisonment for any term not extending to 
shall be punished with imprisonment of the 
description provided for the offence, for a 
term which may extend to one-fourth part of the 
longest term of the imprisonment provided for 
the offence, or with fine, or with both. 
Illustration 
A, knowing that B has murdered Z, assists B to hide the 
body with the intention of screening B from punishment. 
A is liable to imprisonment of either description for seven 
years, and also to fine. 
Intentional 199. Whoever, knowing or having reason to believe that an 

omission to give 
information of an 
offence by a 
Person bound to 
inform. 
offence has been committed, intentionally omits to give 
any information respecting that offence which he is 
legally bound to give, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to six months, or with fine, or with both. 
Giving false 
information 
committed, 
respecting an 
offence committed. 
Destruction of 
document to 
production as 
evidence. 
False personation 
for the purpose of 
any act or 
proceeding in suit. 
200. 
201. 
202. 
Whoever knowing or having reason to believe that an 
offence has been gives any information respecting that 
offence which he knows or believes to be false, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whoever secretes or destroys any document which he 
may be lawfully compelled to produce as evidence in a 
Court of Justice, or in any proceeding lawfully held 
before a public servant as such, or obliterates or renders 
illegible the whole or any part of such document with the 
intention of preventing the same from being produced or 
used as evidence before such court or public servant as 
aforesaid, or after he shall have been lawfully summoned or 
required to produce the same for that purpose, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whoever falsely personates another, and in such assumed 
character makes any admission or statement, or a 
confesses Judgment, or causes any process to be issued, or 
becomes bail or security, or does any other act in any suit or 
criminal prosecution, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to three 
years, or with fine, or with both. 
Fraudulent removal 203. 
or concealment of 
property to prevent 
its seizure as a 
forfeiture or in 
execution of a 
decree. 
Whoever fraudulently removes, conceals, transfers, or 
delivers to any person any property or any interest therein 
intending thereby to prevent that property or interest therein 
from being taken as a forfeiture, or in satisfaction of a fine 
under a sentence which has been pronounced, or which he 
knows to be likely to be pronounced, by a Court of Justice 
or other competent authority, or from being 

taken in execution of a decree or order which has been  
made or which he knows to be likely to be made by a 
Court of Justice in a civil suit, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Fraudulent claim to 204. 
property to prevent 
its seizure as a 
forfeiture or in 
execution of 
decree. 
Whoever fraudulently accepts, receives, or claims any 
property or any interest therein, knowing that he has no 
right or rightful claim to such property or interest, or 
practices any deception touching any right to any property 
or any interest therein, intending thereby to prevent that 
property or interest therein from being taken as a 
forfeiture or in satisfaction of a fine, under a sentence  
which has been pronounced, or which he knows to be likely 
to be pronounced, by a Court of Justice or other competent 
authority, or from being taken in execution of a decree or 
order which has been made or which he knows to be 
likely to be made by a Court of Justice in a civil suit, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Fraudulently 
suffering a decree 
for a sum not due. 
205. Whoever fraudulently causes or suffers a decree or order 
to be passed against him at the suit of any person for a 
sum not due, or for a larger sum than is due to such 
person, or for any property or interest in property to 
which such person is not entitled, or fraudulently causes 
or suffers a decree or order to be executed against him 
after it has been satisfied, or for anything in respect of  
which it has been satisfied, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Illustration 
A institutes a suit against Z. Z, knowing that A is likely to 
obtain a decree against him, fraudulently suffers a judgment 
to pass against him for a larger amount al the suit of B, 
who has no just claim against him, in order that B, either on 
his own account or for the benefit of Z, may share in the 
proceeds of any sale of Z's property which may  be  
made  under  A's  decree.  Z  has  committed 

an offence under this section. 
Fraudulently or 
dishonestly making 
a false claim in a 
court of Justice. 
Fraudulently 
obtaining a decreed 
or a sum not due. 
False charge of 
offence made with 
indent to injure. 
206. 
207. 
208. 
Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly or with intent to 
injure or annoy any person, makes in a Court of Justice 
any claim which he knows to be false, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to two years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever fraudulently obtains a decree or order against 
any person for a sum not due, or for a larger sum than is  
due, or for any property or interest in property to which he 
is not entitled, or fraudulently causes a decree or order to 
be executed against any person after it has been satisfied, 
or for anything in respect of which it has been satisfied, or 
fraudulently suffers or permits any such act to be done in his 
name, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, with intent to cause injury to any person, 
institutes or causes to be instituted any criminal 
proceeding against that person, or falsely charges any 
person with having committed an offence, knowing that 
there is no just or lawful ground for such proceeding or 
charge against that person, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both: 
and if such criminal proceeding be instituted on a false 
charge of an offence punishable with death.-or 
imprisonment for seven years or upwards, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Harbouring an 
offender. 
209. 
If a capital 
offence 
Whoever an offence has been committed, whoever 
harbors, conceals, assists, or maintains a person whom 
he knew or has reason to believe to be the offender, 
with the intention of screening him from legal 
punishment. 
shall, if the offence is punishable with death, be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for 

If punishable 
with ten years' 
imprisonment. 
If punishable 
with less than 
ten years' 
imprisonment. 
a term which may extend to five years, and shall also 
be liable to fine; 
and if the offence is punishable with imprisonment 
which may extend to ten years, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, and shall also be 
liable to fine; 
and if the offence is punishable with imprisonment 
which may extend to one year and not to ten years, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of the description 
provided for the offence for a term which may extend 
to one-fourth part of the longest term of imprisonment 
provided for the offence, or with fine, or with both. 
Exception 
Tim provision shall not extend to any case in which the 
harbour or concealment is by the husband or wife of the 
offender. 
Illustration 
A, knowing that B has committed robbery, knowingly 
conceals B in order to screen him from legal punishment. 
Here, as B is liable to imprisonment which may extend to 
ten years, A is liable to imprisonment of either description 
for a term not exceeding three years, and is also liable to 
fine. 
Taking 
gratification, &c., 
to screen an 
offender from 
punishment. 
210. 
If capital 
offence. 
Whoever accepts, or attempts to obtain, or agrees to 
accept any gratification for himself or any other 
person, or any restitution of property to himself or 
any other person in consideration of his concealing 
an offence, or of his screening any person from legal 
punishment for any offence, or of his not proceeding 
against any person for the purpose of bringing him to 
legal punishment, 
shall, if the offence is punishable with death, be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, and shall also 
be liable to fine; 
If punishable and if the offence is punishable with imprisonment 

with 
ten years 
imprisonment. 
which may extend to ten years, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, and shall also be 
liable to fine; 
If punishable 
with 
less than ten 
years' 
imprisonment. 
and if the offence is punishable with imprisonment not 
extending to ten years, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of the description provided for the 
offence for a term which may extend to one-fourth part 
of the longest term of imprisonment provided for 
the offence, or with fine, or with both. 
If punishable 
with 
fine 
and if the offence is punishable with fine, shall be 
punished with fine. 
Offering 
gratification or 
restoration of 
property in 
consideration of 
screening offender. 
211. 
If a capital 
offence 
If punishable 
with ten years' 
imprisonment. 
If punishable 
with less than 
ten years 
imprisonment. 
If punishable 
with fine 
Whoever gives or causes, or offers or agrees to give 
or cause, any gratification to any person, or to restore 
or cause the restoration of any property to any person 
in consideration of that person's concealing an offence, 
or of his screening any person from legal punishment 
for any offence, or of his not proceeding against any 
person for the purpose of bringing him to legal 
punishment, 
shall, if the offence is punishable with death, be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for 
a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also 
be liable to fine; 
and if the offence is punishable with imprisonment 
which may extend to ten years, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years and shall also be 
liable to fine; 
and if the offence is punishable with imprisonment not 
extending to ten years, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of the description provided for the 
offence for a term which may extend to one-fourth part 
of the longest term of imprisonment provided for 
the offence, or with fine, or with both; 
and if the offence is punishable with fine, shall be 
punished with fine. 

Exception 
The provisions of sections 210 and 211 do not extend to any case 
in which the offence may lawfully be compounded. 
Taking gratification 212. 
to help to recover 
stolen property, 
&c. 
Whoever takes or agrees or consents to take any 
gratification under pretence or on account of helping any 
person to recover any movable property of which he shall 
have been deprived by any offence punishable under this 
Code, shall, unless he uses all means in his power to 
cause the offender to be apprehended and convicted of the 
offence, be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Harbouring an 
offender who has 
escaped from 
custody or whose 
apprehension has 
been ordered. 
213. 
If a capital 
offence. 
If punishable 
with 
ten years' 
imprisonment. 
If punishable 
with 
less than ten 
years' 
imprisonment 
Whenever any person convicted of or charged with 
an offence, being in lawful custody for that offence, 
escapes from such custody, or whenever a public 
servant, in the exercise of the lawful powers of such 
public servant, orders a certain person to be 
apprehended for an offence, whoever, knowing of such 
escape or order for apprehension, harbours or conceals 
that person with the intention of preventing him from 
being apprehended, shall be punished in the manner 
following, that is to say, 
if the offence for which the person was in custody or is 
ordered to be apprehended is punishable with death, 
he shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven 
years, and shall also be liable to fine; 
if the offence is punishable with imprisonment for a 
term which may extend to ten years, he shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, with or without 
fine; 
and if the offence is punishable with imprisonment 
which may extend to one year and not to ten years, 
he shall be punished with imprisonment of the 
description provided for the offence for a term which 
may extend to one-fourth part of the longest term of 

the imprisonment provided for such offence, or with 
fine, or with both. 
Exception 
This provision does not extend to the case in which the harbour or 
concealment is by the husband or wife of the person to be 
apprehended. 
Public officer 
disobeying a 
direction of law 
with intent to save 
person from 
punishment or 
property from 
forfeiture . 
Public servant 
framing an 
incorrect record or 
writing with intent 
to save person 
from punishment 
or property from 
forfeiture. 
Intentional 
omission to 
apprehend on the 
part of a public 
servant bound by 
law to apprehend. 
214. 
215. 
216. 
Whoever, being a public servant, knowingly disobeys any 
direction of the law as to the way in which he is to 
conduct himself as such public servant, intending thereby to 
save, or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby 
save, any person from legal punishment or subject him to 
a less punishment than that to which he is liable, or with 
intent to save, or knowing that he is likely thereby to 
save, any property from forfeiture or any charge to which 
it is liable by law, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to two  
years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, being a public servant, and being, as such 
public servant, charged with the preparation of any record 
or other writing, frames that record or writing in a manner 
which he knows to be incorrect, with intent to cause, or 
knowing it to be likely that he will thereby cause, loss or 
injury to the public or to any person, or with intent 
thereby to save, or knowing it to be likely that he will 
thereby save, any person from legal punishment, or with 
intent to save or knowing that he is likely thereby to save 
any property from forfeiture or other charge to which it is 
liable by law, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to three years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, being a public servant, legally bound as such 
public servant to apprehend or to keep in confinement 
any person charged with or liable to be apprehended 
for an offence, intentionally omits to apprehend such 
person, or intentionally suffers such person to escape, 
or intentionally aids such person in escaping or 
attempting to escape, from such confinement, shall be 
punished as follows, that is to say ;- 

Punishment.   (a) with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, with or 
without fine, if the person in confinement or who 
ought to have been apprehended was charged 
with or liable to be apprehended for an offence 
punishable with death ; or 
(b)with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, with or 
without fine, if the person in confinement or who 
ought to have been apprehended was charged 
with or liable to be apprehended for an offence 
punishable with imprisonment for a term which 
may extend to ten years; or 
(c)with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, with or 
without fine, if the person in confinement or who 
ought to have been apprehended was charged 
with or liable to be apprehended for an offence 
punishable with imprisonment for a term less than 
ten years. 
Intentional 
omission to 
apprehend on the 
part of a public 
servant bound by 
law to apprehend 
person under 
sentence or 
lawfully 
committed. 
217. Whoever, being a public servant, legally bound as such 
public servant to apprehend or to keep in confinement 
any person under sentence of a Court of Justice for any 
offence, or if the person was lawfully committed to 
custody, intentionally omits to apprehend such person, or 
intentionally suffers such person to escape or 
intentionally aids such person in escaping or 
attempting to escape from such confinement, shall be 
punished as follows, that is to say;- 
Punishment.   (a) with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to fourteen years, with or 
without fine, if the person in confinement or who 
ought to have been apprehended is under sentence 
of death; or 
(b)with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, with or 
without fine, if the person in confinement or who 
ought to have been apprehended is subject, by a 

sentence of a Court of Justice, or by virtue of a 
commutation of such sentence, to imprisonment for 
a term often years or upwards; or 
(c)with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, or with 
fine, or with both, if the person in confinement, or 
who ought to have been apprehended, is subject, by 
a sentence of a Court of Justice, to imprisonment 
for a term not extending to ten years, or if the 
person was lawfully committed to custody. 
Escape from 
confinement or 
custody negligently 
suffered by a 
Public servant. 
Resistance or 
obstruction by a 
Person to his 
lawful 
apprehension. 
Resistance or 
obstruction to 
apprehension under 
a civil Process. 
218. 
219. 
219A. 
Whoever, being a public servant, legally bound as such 
public servant to keep in confinement any person charged 
with or convicted of any offence or lawfully committed to 
custody, negligently suffers such person to escape from 
confinement, shall be punished with simple imprisonment 
for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Whoever intentionally offers any resistance or illegal 
obstruction to the lawful apprehension of himself for any 
offence with which he is charged or for which he has been 
convicted, or escapes or attempts to escape from any 
custody in which he is lawfully detained for any such 
offence, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Explanation 
The punishment in this section is in addition to the punishment for 
which the person to be apprehended or detained in custody was  
liable for the offence with which he was charged, or of which he was 
convicted. 
Whoever intentionally offers any resistance or illegal 
obstruction to the lawful apprehension of himself or 
of any other person on any civil process issued by any 
competent Court of Justice, or who escapes or 
attempts to escape from any custody in which he is 
lawfully detained on such process, or who rescues or 
attempts to rescue any other person from any custody 

in which that person is lawfully detained on such 
process, shall be guilty of an offence, 
Punishment and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not 
exceeding one hundred rupees, or to simple or 
rigorous imprisonment for any term not exceeding six 
months, or to both. 
Resistane or 
obstruction to the 
lawful 
apprehension of 
another person. 
Punishment. 
220. Whoever intentionally offers any resistance or illegal 
obstruction to the lawful apprehension of any other 
person for an offence, or rescues or attempts to rescue any 
other person from any custody in which that person is 
lawfully detained for an offence, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years or with fine, or with both; or 
if the person to be apprehended, or the person rescued, or 
attempted to be rescued, is charged with or liable to be 
apprehended for an offence punishable with 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to ten years, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also 
be liable-to fine; or 
if the person to be apprehended or rescued, or attempted 
to be rescued, is charged with or liable to be apprehended 
for an offence punishable with death, shall be punished  
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine; 
or 
if the person to be apprehended or rescued, or attempted 
to be rescued, is liable, under the sentence of a Court of 
Justice, or by virtue of a commutation of such a sentence, 
to imprisonment for a term of ten years or upwards, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be 
liable to fine; or 
if the person to be apprehended or rescued, or attempted 
to be rescued, is under sentence of death, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
not exceeding ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 

Resistance, 
obstruction, 
escape, or rescue 
in cases not 
otherwise 
provided for.
220A. Whoever, in any case not provided for in sections 219, 
219A. 220 or in any other law for the time being in 
force, intentionally offers any resistance or illegal 
obstruction to the lawful apprehension of himself or 
of 
any other person, or escapes or attempts to escape 
from
any custody in which he is lawfully detained, or rescues
or attempts to rescue any other person from any custody
in which that person is lawfully detained, shall be
punished with imprisonment of either description for a
term which may extend to six months, or with fine, or
with both.
Escape from 
lawful custody.
221. Whoever escapes or attempts to escape from any custody 
in which he is lawfully detained for failing to 
furnish
good security for the peace or good behaviour, shall be
punished with imprisonment of either description for a
term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with
both.
Violation 
of 
condition 
of 
remission 
of 
punishmen
t .
222. Whoever, having accepted any conditional pardon or 
remission of punishment, knowingly violates any 
condition on which such remission was granted, shall, 
if his original sentence is one of death, be punished 
with
imprisonment of either description which may extend to
twenty years, and if his original sentence be not one of
death, be punished with the punishment to which he was
originally sentenced if he has already suffered no part of
that punishment, and if he has suffered any part of the
punishment, then with so much of that punishment as he
has not already suffered.

Intentional insult 
or interruption of 
a public servant 
silting in any 
stage of a 
judicial 
proceeding.
223. Whoever intentionally offers any insult or causes any 
interruption to any public servant, while such public  
servant is sitting in any stage of a judicial proceeding, 
shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term 
which may extend to six months, or with fine which may 
extend to one thousand rupees, or with both.
Personation of a 
juror or assessor.
224. Whoever, by personation or otherwise, shall intentionally 
cause  or  knowingly  suffer  himself  to  be  
returned,
empanelled, or sworn as juryman or assessor in any case

in which he knows that he is not entitled by law to be so 
returned, empanelled, or sworn, or knowing himself to 
have been so returned, empanelled, or sworn contrary to 
law, shall voluntarily serve on such jury or as such assessor, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
CHAPTER XII 
OF OFFENCES RELATING TO COIN AND GOVERNMENT 
STAMPS 
Meaning of it coin 
" and " current 
coin". 
[2, 5 of 2021] 
[24, 5 of 2021] 
[2, 6 of 1968] 
Counterfeiting 
coin. 
225. 
226. 
' Coin ' is a metal used as money stamped and issued by 
the authority of the Government of Sri Lanka or under the 
Currency Ordinance, No. 21 of 1941 or under the Monetary 
Law Act (Chapter 422) or under any enactment  in 
operation for the time being relating to the issue of 
coins in Sri Lanka or by the authority of the Government 
of any foreign country in order to be so used. 
' Current coin' means coin which is lawfully current in Sri 
Lanka or in any foreign country. 
Illustrations 
(a)Cowries are not coin. 
(b)Lumps or bars of unstamped metal, though used as 
money, are not coin. 
(c)Medals are not coin, inasmuch as they are 
not intended to be used as money. 
Whoever counterfeits or knowingly performs any part of the 
process of counterfeiting coin shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Explanation 
A person commits this offence who, intending to practice 
deception, or knowing it to be likely that deception will thereby be 
practiced, causes a genuine coin to appear like a different coin. 

Counterfeiting 
current coin. 
[3, 54 of 1939] 
Making or selling 
instrument for 
counterfeiting coin. 
Making or selling 
instrument for 
counterfeiting 
current coin. 
Possession of 
instrument or 
material for the 
purpose of using 
the same for 
counterfeiting coin. 
Abetting in Sri 
Lanka the 
counterfeiting of 
coin out of Sri 
lanka. 
227. 
228. 
229. 
230. 
231. 
Whoever counterfeits or knowingly performs any part of the 
process of counterfeiting current coin shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever makes or mends, or performs any part of the 
process of making or mending, or buys, sells, or disposes 
of any die or instrument for the purpose of being used, or 
knowing or having reason to believe that it is intended to 
be used, for the purpose of counterfeiting coin, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Whoever makes or mends, or performs any part of the 
process of making or mending, or buys, sells, or disposes 
of any die or instrument for the purpose of being used, or 
knowing or having reason to believe that it is intended to 
be used, for the purpose of counterfeiting current coin, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also 
be liable to fine. 
Whoever is in possession of any instrument or material 
for the purpose of using the same for counterfeiting coin, 
or knowing or having reason to believe that the same is 
intended to be used for that purpose, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
and if the coin to be counterfeited is current coin, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Whoever, being within Sri Lanka, abets the counterfeiting of 
coin out of Sri Lanka, shall be punished in the same manner 
as if he abetted the counterfeiting of such coin within Sri 
Lanka. 
Import or export of 232. Whoever imports being within Sri Lanka, or exports there 

counterfeit coin . from, any counterfeit coin, knowing or having reason to 
believe that the same is counterfeit, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Import or export of 233. 
counterfeit current 
coin. 
[4, 54 of 1939] 
Whoever imports into Sri Lanka, exports there from, any 
counterfeit current coin, knowing or having reason to 
believe that the same is counterfeit, shall be coin punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Delivery to another 234. 
of counterfeit coin 
possessed with the 
knowledge that it is 
counterfeit. 
Whoever, having any counterfeit coin, which at the time 
he became possessed of it he knew to be counterfeit, 
fraudulently, or with intent that fraud may be committed, 
delivers the same to any person, or attempts to induce any 
person to receive it, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to five 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Delivery of current 235. 
coin possessed 
with the 
knowledge that it is 
counterfeit. 
[5, 54 of 1939] 
Whoever, having any counterfeit current coin, which at 
the time he became possessed of it he knew to be 
counterfeit, fraudulently, or with intent that fraud may be 
committed, delivers the same to any person, or attempts to 
induce any person to receive it, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Delivery to another 236. 
of coin as genuine 
which when first 
possessed the 
deliverer did not 
know to be 
counterfeit. 
Whoever delivers to any other person as genuine, or 
attempts to induce any other person to receive as genuine, 
any counterfeit coin which he knows to be counterfeit, but 
which he did not know to be counterfeit at the time when 
he took it into his possession, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine to an amount which may 
extend to ten times the value of the coin counterfeited, or 
with both. 
Possession of 
counterfeit coin by 
a person who knew 
it to be counterfeit 
237. Whoever, fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be 
committed, is in possession of counterfeit coin, having 
known at the time when he became possessed thereof that 
such  coin  was  counterfeit,  shall  be  punished  with 

when he became 
possessed thereof. 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Possession of 
counterfeit current 
coin by a person 
who knew it to be 
counterfeit when 
he became 
possessed thereof. 
[6, 54 of 1939] 
Fraudulently or 
dishonestly 
diminishing the 
weight or altering 
the composition of 
any coin. 
Fraudulently or 
dishonestly 
diminishing the 
weight or altering 
the composition of 
current coin. 
Altering appearance 
of any coin with 
intent that it shall 
pass as a coin of a 
different 
description. 
Altering 
appearance of 
current coin with 
intent that it shall 
238. 
239. 
240. 
241. 
242. 
Whoever, fraudulently or with intent that fraud may be 
committed, is in possession of counterfeit current coin, 
having known at the time when he became possessed  
thereof that such coin was counterfeit, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly performs on any 
coin any operation which diminishes the weight or alters the 
composition of that coin, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Explanation 
A person who scoops out part of the coin and puts 
anything else into the cavity alters the composition  of 
that coin. 
Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly performs on any 
current coin any operation which diminishes the weight or 
alters the composition of that coin, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever performs on any coin any operation which alters 
the appear of that coin with the intention that the said coin 
shall pass as a coin of a different description, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to 
fine. 
Whoever performs on any current coin any operation 
which alters the appearance of that coin, with the 
intention that the said coin shall pass as a coin of a 
different description, shall be punished with imprisonment 

pass as a coin of a 
different 
description. 
of either description for a term which may extend to seven 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Delivery to another 243. 
of coin possessed 
with the 
knowledge that it is 
altered. 
Whoever, having coin in his possession with respect to 
which the offence defined in sections 239 or 241 has been 
committed, and having known at the time that it is when 
he became possessed of such coin that altered. such 
offence had been committed with respect to it, 
fraudulently, or with intent that fraud may be committed, 
delivers such coin to any other person, or attempts to induce 
any other person to receive the same, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to five years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Delivery of coin 
with the 
knowledge that it is 
altered. 
Possession of 
altered coin by a 
person who knew it 
to be altered when 
he became 
possessed thereof. 
Possession of 
current coin by a 
person who knew it 
to be altered when 
he became 
possessed thereof. 
244. 
245. 
246. 
Whoever, having coin in his possession with respect to 
which the offence defined in sections 240 or 242 has been 
committed, and having known at the time when he 
became possessed of such coin that such offence has been 
committed with respect to it, fraudulently, or with intent that 
fraud may be committed, delivers such coin to any  other 
person, or attempts to induce any other person to receive the 
same, shall be punished with imprisonment of either  
description for a term which may extend to ten years, 
and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever, fraudulently, or with intent that fraud may be 
committed, is in possession of coin with respect to which  
the offence defined in either of the sections 239 or 241 has 
been committed, having known at the time of becoming 
possessed thereof that such offence had been committed 
with respect to such coin, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever, fraudulently, or with intent that fraud may be 
committed, is in possession of current coin, with respect 
to which the offence defined in either of the sections 240 
or 242 has been committed, having known at the time of 
becoming possessed thereof that such offence had been 
committed with respect to such current coin, shall be 

[8, 54 of 1939] punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to five years, and shall also be liable 
to fine. 
Delivery to another 247. 
of coin as genuine 
which when first 
possessed the 
deliverer did not 
know to be altered. 
Whoever delivers to any other person as genuine, or as a 
coin of a different description from which it is, or 
attempts to induce any person to receive as genuine or as 
a different coin from which it is, any coin in respect of 
which he knows that any such operation as that mentioned 
in sections 239, 240, 241, or 242 has been performed, but in 
respect of which he did not at the time when he took it into 
his possession know that such operation had been 
performed, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, or 
with fine to an amount which may extend to ten times the 
value of the coin for which the altered coin is passed or 
attempted to be passed. 
Counterfeiting a 
Government 
stamp. 
Having possession 
of an instrument or 
material for the 
purpose of 
counterfeiting a 
Government 
248. 
249. 
*Whoever counterfeits, or knowingly performs any part of 
the process of counterfeiting, any stamp issued by 
Government for the purpose of revenue, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to fifteen years, and shall also be liable to 
fine. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in 
like manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued by 
the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 
(3) of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
Explanation 
A  person  commits  this  offence  who  counterfeits by 
causing  a genuine  stamp  of one  denomination to  
appear  like  a  genuine  stamp  of a different 
denomination. 
*Whoever has in his possession any instrument or 
material for the purpose of being used, or knowing or 
having reason to believe that it is intended to be used, for 
the purpose of counterfeiting any stamp issued by 
Government for the purpose of revenue, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 

stamp. may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings Stamps in like 
manners as those provisions apply to stamps issued by the 
Government for purposes of revenue-Section 74 (3) of the 
National Savings Bank act.] 
Making or selling 
instruction for the 
purpose of 
counterfeiting a 
Government 
stamp. 
Sale of counterfeit 
Government 
stamp. 
Having possession 
of a counterfeit 
Government 
stamp. 
250. 
251. 
252. 
*Whoever makes, or performs any part of the process of 
making, or buys, or sells, or disposes of any instrument for 
the purpose of being used, or knowing or having reason to 
believe that it is intended to be used, for the purpose of 
counterfeiting any stamp issued by Government for the 
purpose of revenue, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to seven 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in 
like manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued 
by the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 
(3) of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
*Whoever sells, or offers for sale, any stamp which he 
knows or has reason to believe to be a counterfeit of any 
stamp issued by Government for the purpose of revenue, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall 
also be liable to fine. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in 
like manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued by 
the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 
(3) of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
*Whoever has in his possession any stamp which he 
knows to be a counterfeit of any stamp issued by 
Government for the purpose of revenue, intending to use 
or dispose of the same as a genuine stamp, or in order that it 
may be used as a genuine stamp, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in 
like manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued by 
the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 

(3)of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
Using as genuine a 
Government stamp 
known to be 
counterfeit. 
Effacing any 
Writing from a 
substance bearing a 
Government stamp 
or removing from a 
document a stamp 
used for it with 
intent to cause loss 
to Government. 
Using a 
Government stamp 
known lo have 
been before used. 
Erasure of mark 
denoting that 
253. 
254. 
255. 
256. 
*Whoever uses as genuine any stamp, knowing it to be a 
counterfeit of any stamp issued by Government for the 
purpose of revenue, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to seven 
years, or with fine, or with both. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in 
like manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued 
by the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 
(3) of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
*Whoever, fraudulently or with intent to cause loss to the 
Government, removes or effaces from any substance  
bearing any stamp issued by Government for the purpose 
of revenue any writing or document for which such stamp 
has been used, or removes from any writing or document 
a stamp which has been used for such writing or 
document, in order that such stamp may be used for a 
different writing or document, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in 
like manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued by 
the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 
(3) of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
*Whoever, fraudulently or with intent to cause loss to the 
Government, uses for any purpose a stamp issued by 
Government for the purpose of revenue, which he knows 
to have been before used, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
[* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in 
like manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued by 
the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 
(3) of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
*Whoever, fraudulently or with intent to cause loss to 
Government, erases or removes from a stamp issued by 

stamp has been 
used. 
Government for the purpose of revenue any mark put or 
impressed upon such stamp for the purpose of denoting 
that the same has been used, or fraudulently or with such 
intent alters any such mark, or knowingly has in his 
possession, or sells, or disposes of, any such stamp from 
which such mark has been erased or removed, or on 
which such mark has been altered, or sells or disposes of 
any such stamp which he knows to have been used, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
* Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings and Stamps in like 
manner was those provisions apply to Stamps issued by 
the Government for purposes of revenue - Section 74 (3) 
of the National Savings Bank Act.] 
Scope of the 
expression " 
Government' in 
sections 248 to 
256. 
[25, 5 of 2021] 
256A. *In sections 248 to 256, both inclusive, the word ' 
Government' when used in connexion with, or in reference 
to, any stamp issued for the purpose of denoting a rate 
of postage shall, notwithstanding anything in section 14, 
be deemed to include the Government of any foreign 
country. 
Explanation 
The word ' stamp ' where used in this Chapter includes 
postage stamps, 
*Sections 248 to 256 apply to Savings Stamps in like 
manner as those provisions apply to stamps issued by 
the Government for purposes of revenue.-Section 74 (3) of 
the National Savings Act. 
CHAPTER XIII 
OF OFFENCES RELATING TO WEIGHTS AND MEASURES 
Fraudulent use of 
false weighing or 
measuring 
instrument. 
257. Whoever fraudulently uses any weighing or measuring 
instrument, which he knows to be false, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 

Fraudulent use of 
false weight or 
measure. 
Being in 
Possession of false 
weights or 
measures. 
Making or selling 
false weights or 
measures. 
258. 
259. 
260. 
Whoever fraudulently uses any false weight or false  
measure of length or capacity, or fraudulently uses any 
weight or any measure of length or capacity as a different 
weight or measure from what it is, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever is in possession of any false weighing or 
measuring instrument, or of any false weight, or of any  
false measure of length or capacity, intending that the 
same may be fraudulently used, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever makes, sells, or disposes of any weighing or 
measuring instrument, or any weight, or any measure of 
length or capacity which he knows to be false, in order 
that the same may be used as true, or knowing that the same 
is likely to be used as true, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
CHAPTER XIV 
OF OFFENCES AFFECTING THE PUBLIC HEALTH. 
SAFETY, CONVENIENCE, DECENCY. AND MORALS 
Public nuisance. 
Negligent act 
likely to spread 
injection of any 
disease dangerous 
261. 
262. 
A person is guilty of a public nuisance who does any act, 
or is guilty of an illegal omission, which causes any 
common injury, danger, or annoyance to the public or to the 
people in general who dwell or occupy property in the 
vicinity, or which must necessarily cause injury, obstruction, 
danger, or annoyance to persons who may have occasion 
to use any public right. A public nuisance is not excused on 
the ground that it causes some convenience or advantage. 
Whoever unlawfully or negligently does any act which is, 
and which he knows or as reason to believe to be, likely 
to spread the infection of any disease dangerous to life, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description 

to life. for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine, 
or with both. 
Malicious act 
likely to spread 
infection of any 
disease dangerous 
to life. 
Disobedience to a 
quarantine rule. 
Adulteration of 
food or drink 
which is intended 
for sale. 
Sale of noxious 
food or drink. 
Adulteration of 
drugs. 
263. 
264. 
265. 
266. 
267. 
Whoever maliciously does any act which is, and which he 
knows or has reason to believe to be, likely to spread the 
infection of any disease dangerous to life, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whoever knowingly disobeys any rule made and 
promulgated by Government for putting any vessel into a 
state of quarantine or for regulating the intercourse of 
vessels in a state of quarantine with the shore or with 
other vessels, or for regulating the intercourse between 
places where an infectious disease prevails and other places, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Whoever adulterates any article of food or drink so as to 
make such article noxious as food or drink, intending to 
sell such article as food or drink, or knowing it to be 
likely that the same will be sold as food or drink, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to six months, or with fine which 
may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever sells, or offers or exposes for sale, as food or 
drink, any article which has been rendered or has become 
noxious, or is in a slate unfit for food or drink, knowing or 
having reason to believe that the same is noxious as food 
or drink shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to six months, or 
with fine, which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both. 
Whoever adulterates any drug or medical preparation in 
such a manner as to lessen the efficacy or change the 
operation of such drug or medical preparation, or to make it 
noxious intending that it shall be sold or used for, or 

knowing it to be likely that it will be sold or used for, any 
medicinal purpose, as if it had not undergone such 
adulteration, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to six 
months, or with fine which may extend to one hundred 
rupees, or with both. 
Sale of adulterated 
drugs. 
Sale of any drugs 
as a different drug 
or preparation. 
Fouling the water 
of a public spring 
or reservoir. 
Making 
atmosphere 
noxious to health. 
Rash driving or 
riding on a public 
268. 
269. 
270. 
271. 
272. 
Whoever knowing any drug or medical preparation to 
have been adulterated in such a manner as to lessen its 
efficacy, to change its operation, or to render it noxious, 
sells the same, or offers or exposes it for sale, or issues it 
from any dispensary for medicinal purposes as 
unadulterated, or causes it to be used for medicinal purposes 
by any person not knowing of the adulteration, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to six months, or with fine which may 
extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever knowingly sells, or offers or exposes for sale, or 
issues from a dispensary for medicinal purposes, any 
drug. or medical preparation as a different drug or medical 
preparation, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to six 
months, or with fine which may extend to one hundred 
rupees, or with both. 
Whoever voluntarily corrupts or fouls the water of any 
public spring or reservoir, so as to render it less fit for the 
purpose for which it is ordinarily used, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three months, or with fine which may 
extend to fifty rupees, or with both. 
Whoever voluntarily vitiates the atmosphere in any place 
so as to make it noxious to the health of persons in general 
dwelling or carrying on business in the neighborhood or 
passing along a public way, shall be punished with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees. 
Whoever drives any vehicle, or rides, on any public way, 
in a manner so rash or negligent as to endanger human 

way. life, or to be likely to cause hurt or injury to any other 
person, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to six months, or 
with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both. 
Rash navigation of 
a vessel. 
Exhibition of a 
false light, mark, or 
buoy. 
Conveying person 
by water for hire in 
a vessel overloaded 
or unsafe. 
Danger or 
obstruction in a 
public way or line 
of navigation. 
Negligent conduct 
with respect to any 
poisonous 
substance. 
273. 
274. 
275. 
276. 
277. 
Whoever navigates any vessel in a manner so rash or 
negligent as to endanger human life, or to be likely to 
cause hurt or injury to any other person, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to six months, or with fine which may extend 
to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever exhibits any false light, mark, or buoy, intending 
or knowing it to be likely that such exhibition will 
mislead any navigator, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to seven 
years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever knowingly or negligently conveys or causes to 
be conveyed for hire any person by water in any vessel, 
when that vessel is in such a state or so loaded as to 
endanger the life of that person, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to 
one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever, by doing any act, or by omitting to take order 
with any property in his possession or under his charge, 
causes danger, obstruction, or injury to any person in any 
public way or public line of navigation, shall be punished 
with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees. 
Whoever does, with any poisonous substance, any act in a 
manner so rash or negligent as to endanger human life, or to 
be likely to cause hurt or injury to any other person, 
or knowingly or negligently omits to take such order with 
any poisonous substance in his possession as is sufficient 
to guard against any probable danger to human life-from 
such poisonous substance, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 

for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Negligent conduct 
with respect to any 
fire or combustible 
matter. 
Negligent conduct 
with respect to any 
explosive 
substance. 
Negligent conduct 
with respect to any 
machinery in the 
possession or under 
the charge of the 
offender. 
Negligence with 
respect to pulling 
278. 
279. 
280. 
281. 
Whoever does, with fire or any combustible matter, any 
act so rashly or negligently as to endanger human life, or 
to be likely to cause hurt or injury to any other person, 
or knowingly or negligently omits to take such order with 
any fire or any combustible matter in his possession as is 
sufficient to guard against any probable danger to human 
life or hurl or injury to any other person from such fire or 
combustible matter, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever does, with any explosive substance, any act so 
rashly or negligently as to endanger human life, or to be 
likely to cause hurt or injury to any other person, 
or knowingly or negligently omits to take such order with 
any explosive substance in his possession as is sufficient 
to guard against any probable danger to human life from 
that substance, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever does, with any machinery, any act so rashly or 
negligently as to endanger human life, or to be likely to 
cause hurt or injury to any other person, 
or knowingly or negligently omits to take such order with 
any machinery in his possession or under his care as is 
sufficient to guard against any probable danger to human 
life from such machinery, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever, in pulling down or repairing any building 
knowingly or negligently omits to take such order with 

down or repairing 
buildings. 
that building as is sufficient to guard against any probable 
danger to human life from the fall of that building, or of any 
part thereof, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to six months, or 
with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with 
both. 
Negligence With 
respect to any 
animal. 
Punishment for 
public nuisance in 
cases not otherwise 
provided for. 
Continuance or 
nuisance after 
injunction to 
discontinue. 
Sale, &c. of 
obscene books .&c. 
Having in 
Possession obscene 
books, &c for sale 
or public 
exhibition. . 
282. 
283. 
284. 
285. 
286. 
Whoever knowingly or negligently omits to take such 
order with any animal in his possession as is sufficient to 
guard against any probable danger to human life, or any 
probable danger of grievous hurt from such animal, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to six months, or with fine which 
may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever commits a public nuisance in any case not 
otherwise punishable by this Code shall be punished with 
fine which may extend to fifty rupees, or with imprisonment 
of either description which may extend to three months, or 
with both. 
Whoever repeats or continues a public nuisance having been 
enjoined by any public servant who has lawful authority to 
issue such injunction not to repeat or continue such  
nuisance, shall be punished with simple imprisonment for 
a term which may extend to six months, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Whoever sells or distributes, imports, or prints for sale or 
hire, or wilfully exhibits to public view, any obscene 
book, pamphlet, paper, drawing, painting, photograph, 
representation, or figure, or attempts or offers so to do, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three months, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Whoever has in his possession any such obscene book or 
other thing as is mentioned in the last preceding section 
for the purpose of sale, distribution, or public exhibition, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to three months. Or with 
fine, or with both. 

Obscene publication 
exhibition &c 
relating to children. 
[2, 29 of 1998] 
[2, 22 of 1995] 
286A. (1)Any person who 
(a)hires, employs assists, persuades, uses, induces or 
coerces, any child to appear or perform, in any 
obscene or indecent exhibition or show or to pose 
or model for, or to appear in, any obscene or indecent 
photograph or film or who sells or distributes, or 
otherwise publishes, or has in his possession, any 
such photograph or film; or 
(b)being the parent, guardian or person having the 
custody of a child, causes or allows such child to be 
employed, or to participate, in any obscene or 
indecent exhibition or show or to pose or model 
for, or to appear in, any such photograph or film as is 
referred to in paragraph (a); 
(c)(i) takes, or assists in taking of any  
indecent photograph of a child; or 
(ii)distributes or shows any such photograph or 
any publication containing such photograph; 
(iii)has in his possession for distribution or 
showing, any such photograph or publication. 
(iv)publishes or causes to be published, any 
such photograph or publishes or causes to be 
published, any advertisement capable of 
conveying the message that the advertiser or 
person named in the advertisement distributes 
or shows any such photograph or publication 
or intends to do so, 
coughs the offence of obscene publication and 
exhibition relating to children and shall on conviction be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term not less than two years and not exceeding ten years 
and may also be punished with fine. 
(2)Any person who, being a developer of photographs 
or films, discovers that any photograph or film given to 
him for developing is an indecent or obscene 
photograph or a film of a child, shall, forthwith on 
such 

discovery, inform the officer in charge of the nearest 
police station that he has in his possession, such 
photograph or film. 
(3)Whoever being a developer of photographs or films 
acts in contravention of the provisions of subsection (2) 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years or 
with fine or with both. 
(4)in this section - 
'child' means a person under eighteen years of age: 
and 
'film' includes any form of video recording. 
Duty of person 
providing service 
by computer to 
prevent sexual 
abuse of a child. 
[3, 16 of 2006] 
Duty to inform of 
use of premises for 
child abuse. 
[3, 16 of 2006] 
286B. 
286C. 
(1)A person who provides a service by means of a 
computer shall take all such steps as are necessary to 
ensure that such computer facility is not used for the 
commission of an act constituting an offence relating to 
the sexual abuse of a child. 
(2)A person referred to in subsection (1) who has 
knowledge of any such computer facility referred to in 
subsection (1) being used for the commission of an act 
constituting an offence relating to the sexual abuse of a 
child, shall forthwith inform the officer in charge of the 
nearest police station of such fact and give such 
information as may be in his possession with regard to 
such act and the identity of the alleged offender. 
(3)A person who contravenes the provisions of 
subsections (1) or (2) shall be guilty of an offence and 
shall on conviction be liable to imprisonment of either 
description for a term not exceeding two years or to 
a fine or to both such imprisonment and fine. 
(4)In this section, 'child' means a person under eighteen 
years of age. 
(1)Any person who, having the charge, care, control or 
possession of any premises, has knowledge of such 
premises being used for the commission of an act 
constituting the abuse of a child, shall forthwith inform 
the officer in charge of the nearest police station of 
such 

fact. 
(2)Any person referred to in subsection (1) who fails to 
inform the officer in charge of the nearest police station of 
the fact that such premises is being used for the 
commission of an act constituting the abuse of a child 
shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be 
liable to imprisonment of either description for a term 
not exceeding two years or to a fine or to both such 
imprisonment and fine. 
(3)In this section, 'child' means a person under eighteen 
years of age. 
Obscene songs. 
Causing or 
procuring children 
to beg. 
[3, 29 of 1998] 
Hiring or 
employing children 
to act as procurers. 
[3, 29 of 1998] 
Hiring or 
employing children 
287. 
288. 
288A. 
288B. 
Whoever sings, recites, or utters in or near any public place, 
any obscene song, ballad, or words to the annoyance of 
others, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to three months, or 
with fine, or with both. 
(1)whoever causes or procures a child to be in any street, 
Premises or place for the purposes of begging or receiving 
alms, or of inducing the giving of alms (whether or not  
there is any pretence of singing, playing, performing, 
offering anything for sale or otherwise) shall on 
conviction be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term not exceeding five years and may 
also be liable to a fine. 
(2)In this section child means a person under eighteen 
years of age 
(1)whoever knowingly, hires employs persuades, uses, 
induces or coerces a child to procure any person for 
illicit sexual intercourse shall on conviction be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term not 
less than two years and not exceeding five years and may 
also be liable to a fine. 
(2)In this section child means a person under eighteen 
years age 
(1)Whoever knowingly, hires, employs, persuades, uses, 
induces or coerces a child to traffic in any restricted 

to traffic in 
restricted articles. 
[3, 29 of 1998] 
article shall on conviction be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term not less 
than five years and not exceeding seven years and may 
also be liable to a fine. 
(2)In this section child means a person under eighteen 
years of age. 
Restricted article has the meaning assigned to it by the 
poisons, opium and dangerous drugs ordinance (chapter 
218), amended by and no 13 of 1984 and no 26 of 1986. 
Trafficking includes selling, giving, procuring, storing, 
administering, transporting, sending, delivering or 
distributing. 
Willful omission of 289. 
statutory duty. 
*Whoever wilfully neglects or omits to perform any duty 
imposed upon him by, or wilfully disobeys or infringes 
any provision of, any enactment or statute heretofore or 
hereafter to be enacted, for which neglect, omission, 
disobedience, or infringement no punishment is or shall 
be by this Code or any other enactment or statute 
otherwise specially provided, shall be punished with a 
fine. 
[*Section 288 is repealed by section 10 of Ordinance No. 
6 of 1944, and replaced by section 3 of Act No. 29 of 
1998.] 
CHAPTER XV 
OF OFFENCES RELATING TO RELIGION 
Injuring or defiling 290. 
a place of worship 
with intent to insult 
the religion of any 
class. 
Whoever destroys, damages, or defiles any place of 
worship, or any object held sacred by any class persons, 
with the intention of thereby insulting the religion of 
insult the any class of persons or with the knowledge that 
any class of persons is likely to consider such destruction, 
damage, or defilement as an insult to their religion, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Acts in relation to 290A. Whoever does any act, in or upon, or in the vicinity of, 

places of worship 
,& c, with intent to 
insult the religion 
of any class. 
any place of worship or any object which is held sacred 
with intent to or in veneration by any class of persons, 
with the intention wounding the religious feelings of any 
class of persons or with the knowledge that any class of 
persons is likely to consider such act as an insult to their 
religion, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to one year, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Disturbing a 
religious assembly. 
Uttering words, 
&c, with deliberate 
intent to wound 
religious feelings. 
Deliberate and 
malicious acts 
intended to outrage 
religious feelings 
of any class, by 
insulting its 
religion or 
religious beliefs. 
Trespassing on 
burial places, & c. 
291. 
291A. 
291B. 
292. 
Whoever voluntarily causes disturbance to any assembly 
lawfully engaged in the performance of religious worship or 
religious ceremonies shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to one 
year, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, with the deliberate intention of wounding the 
religious feelings of any person, utters any word or 
makes any sound in the hearing of that person, or makes 
any gesture in the sight of that person, or places any object 
in the sight of that person, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, with the deliberate and malicious intention of 
outraging the religious feelings of any class of persons, 
by words, either spoken or written, or by visible 
representations, insults or attempts to insult the religion 
or the religious beliefs of that class, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, with the intention of wounding the feelings of any 
person, or of insulting the religion of any person, or  with 
the knowledge that the feelings of any person are likely to 
be wounded, or that the religion of any person is likely to be 
insulted thereby, 
commits any trespass in any place of worship or on any 
place of sepulture or any place set apart for the performance 
of funeral rites, or as a depository for the remains of the 
dead, or offers any indignity to any human 

corpse, or causes disturbance to any persons assembled 
for the performance of funeral ceremonies, shall be  
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with 
both. 
CHAPTER XVI 
OF OFFENCES AFFECTING THE HUMAN BODY 
OF OFFENCES AFFECTING LIFE 
Culpable homicide. 293. Whoever causes death by doing an act with the intention 
of causing death, or with the intention of causing such 
bodily injury as is likely to cause death, or with the 
knowledge that he is likely by such act to cause death, 
commits the offence of culpable homicide. 
Illustrations 
(a)A. lays sticks and turf over a pit, with the intention of 
thereby causing death, or with the knowledge that death is 
likely to be thereby caused. Z, believing the ground to be 
firm, treads on it, falls in. and is killed. A has committed 
the offence of culpable homicide 
(b)A knows Z to be behind a bush. B does not know it. A 
intending to cause, or knowing it to be likely to cause Z's 
death, induces B to fire at the bush. B fires and kills Z. 
Here B may be guilty of no offence; but A has committed 
the offence of culpable homicide. 
(c)A by shooting at a fowl with intent to kill and steal it, 
kills B, who is behind a bush, A not knowing that he was 
there. Here although A was doing an unlawful act, he was 
not guilty of culpable homicide, as he did not intend to 
kill B or to cause death by doing an act that he knew 
was likely to cause death. 
Explanation 1 
A person who causes bodily injury to another who is 
laboring under a disorder, disease, or bodily infirmity, and 
thereby accelerates the death of that other, shall be 
deemed to have caused his death. 

Explanation 2 
Where death is caused by bodily injury, the person who 
causes such bodily injury shall be deemed to have caused 
the death, although by resorting to proper remedies and 
skilful treatment the death might have been prevented. 
Explanation 3 
The causing of the death of a child in the mother's womb 
is not homicide. But it may amount to culpable homicide 
to cause the death of a living child, if any part of that 
child has been brought forth, though the child may not 
have breathed or been completely born. 
Murder. 294. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted, culpable homicide 
is murder- 
Firstly- if the act by which the death is caused is 
done with the intention of causing death; or 
Secondly- If it is done with the intention of causing 
such bodily injury as the offender knows to be likely 
to cause the death of the person to whom the harm is 
caused; or 
Thirdly- If it is done with the intention of causing 
bodily injury to any person, and the bodily injury 
intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary 
course of nature to cause death; or 
Fourthly- If the person committing the act knows 
that it is so imminently dangerous that it must in all 
probability cause death, or such bodily injury as is 
likely to cause death, and commits such act without 
any excuse for incurring the risk of causing death or 
such injury as aforesaid. 
Illustrations 
(a)A shoots Z with the intention of killing him. Z dies in 
consequence. A commits murder 
(b)A knowing that Z is laboring under such a disease that 
a blow is likely to cause his death, strikes him with the 
intention of causing bodily injury. Z dies in consequence 
of the blow. A is guilty of murder, although the blow 
might not have been sufficient in the ordinary course of 
nature to cause the death of a person in a sound 
slate 

of health. But if A, not knowing that Z is laboring under any 
disease, gives him such a blow as would not in the ordinary 
course of nature kill a person in sound state of health, here 
A, although he may intend to cause bodily injury, is not 
guilty of murder, if he did not intend to cause death, or 
such bodily injury as in the ordinary course of nature 
would cause death. 
(c)A intentionally gives Z a sword-cut or club-wound 
sufficient to cause the death of a man in the ordinary course 
of nature. Z dies in consequence. Here A is guilty of 
murder, although he may not have intended to cause Z's 
death. 
(d)A, without any excuse, Fires a loaded gun into a 
crowd of persons and kills one of them. A is guilty of 
murder, although he may not have had a premeditated 
design to kill any particular individual. 
Exception 1- Culpable homicide is not murder if the 
offender whilst deprived of the power of self control by 
grave and sudden provocation, causes the death of the 
person who gave the provocation, or causes the death of  
any other person by mistake or accident, 
The above exception is subject to the following provisos:- 
Firstly- That the provocation is not sought or voluntarily 
provoked by the offender as an excuse for killing or doing 
harm to any person. 
Secondly- That the provocation is not given by anything 
done in obedience to the law. or by a public servant, in the 
lawful exercise of the powers of such public servant- 
Thirdly- That the provocation is not given by anything done 
in the lawful exercise of the right of private defence. 
Explanation 
Whether the provocation was grave and sudden enough to 
prevent the offence from amounting to murder is a 
question of fact. 
Illustrations 
(a)A,  under  the  influence  of  passion  excited  by 
a provocation given by Z. intentionally kills Y , Z's child. 
This is murder, inasmuch as the provocation was not 

given by the child, and the death of the child was not  
caused by accident or misfortune in doing an act caused 
by the provocation- 
(b)Y gives grave and sudden provocation to A. A. on this 
provocation, fires a pistol at Y , neither intending nor 
knowing himself to be likely to kill Z, who is near him, 
but out of sight. A kills Z. Here A has not committed 
murder, but merely culpable homicide. 
(c)A is lawfully arrested by Z, a Fiscal's officer. A 
is excited to sudden and violent passion by the arrest and 
kills Z. This is murder, inasmuch as the provocation was 
given by a thing done by a public servant in the exercise 
of his powers. 
(d)A appears as a witness before Z. a Magistrate. Z says 
that he does not believe a word of A's deposition, and that A 
has perjured himself. A is moved to sudden passion by these 
words and kills Z. This is murder. 
(e)A attempts to pull Z's nose. Z, in the exercise of the 
right of private defence, lays hold of A to prevent him 
from doing so. A is moved to sudden and violent passion 
in consequence and kills Z. This is murder, inasmuch as 
the provocation was given by a thing done in the exercise of 
the right of private defence. 
(f)Z strikes B. B is by this provocation excited to violent 
rage. A, a bystander, intending lo take advantage of B's rage 
and to cause him to kill Z, puts a knife into B's hand for that 
purpose. B kills Z with the knife. Here B may have 
committed culpable homicide, but A is guilty of murder, 
Exception  2 Culpable  homicide  is not murder if the 
offender, in the exercise in good faith of the right of 
private defence of person or property, exceeds the 
power given lo him by law, and causes the death of the 
person against whom he is exercising such right of defence 
without premeditation and without any intention of doing 
more harm than is necessary for the purpose of such 
defence. 
Illustration 
Z attempts to horse-whip A. not in such a manner as to 

cause grievous hurt to A. A draws out a pistol, Z persists 
in the assault. A, believing in good faith that he can by no 
other means prevent himself from being horse-whipped, 
shoots Z dead. A has not committed murder, but only 
culpable homicide. 
Exception 3.- Culpable homicide is not murder if the 
offender, being a public servant, or aiding a public servant 
acting for the advancement of public justice, exceeds the 
powers given to him by law, and causes death by doing an 
act which he, in good faith, believes to be lawful and 
necessary for the due discharge of his duty as such 
public servant and without ill-will towards the person 
whose death is caused. 
Exception 4.- Culpable homicide is not murder if it is 
committed without premeditation in a sudden fight in the 
heat of passion upon a sudden quarrel, and without the 
offender having taken undue advantage or acted in a cruel 
or unusual manner. 
Explanation 
It is immaterial in such cases which party offers the 
provocation or commits the first assault. 
Exception 5.- Culpable homicide is not murder if the 
offender, being the mother of a child under the age of 
twelve months, causes its death whilst the balance of her 
mind is disturbed by reason of her not having fully 
recovered from the effect of giving birth to the child or by 
reason of the effect of lactation consequent upon the birth 
of the child. 
Culpable homicide 
by causing the 
death of a person 
other than the 
person whose 
death was 
intended. 
Punishment for 
murder. 
295. 
296. 
If a person; by doing anything which he intends or knows to 
be likely to cause death, commits culpable homicide by 
causing the death of any person whose death he neither 
intends nor knows himself to be likely to cause, the  
culpable homicide committed by the offender is of the 
description of which it would have been if he had caused  
the death of the person whose death he intended or knew 
himself to be likely to cause. 
Whoever commits murder shall be punished with death. 

Punishment for 
culpable homicide 
not amounting to 
murder. 
Causing death by 
negligence. 
Abetment of 
suicide. 
297. 
298. 
299. 
Whoever commits culpable homicide not amounting to 
murder shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to twenty years, 
and shall also be liable to fine, if the act by which the 
death is caused is done with the intention of causing 
death, or of causing such bodily injury as is likely to 
cause death; or with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to ten years, 
or with fine, or with both, if the act is done with the 
knowledge that it is likely to cause death, but without any 
intention to cause death, or to cause such bodily injury as 
is likely to cause death. 
Whoever causes the death of any person by doing any 
rash or negligent act not amounting to culpable homicide 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to five years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
If any person commits suicide. whoever abets 
the commission of such suicide shall be 
punished with death. 
Attempt to murder. 300. Whoever does any act with such intention or knowledge and 
under such circumstances that if he by that act caused death 
he would be guilty of murder, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may  
extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine; and if 
hurt is caused to any person by such act, the offender 
shall be liable to imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to twenty years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Illustrations 
(a)A shoots at Z with intention to kill him under such 
circumstances that, if death ensued, A would be guilty of 
murder. A is liable to punishment under this section. 
(b)A, with the intention of causing the death of a child of 
tender years, exposes it in a desert place. A has committed 
the offence defined by this section, though the death 
of 

the child does not ensue. 
(c)A, intending to murder Z, buys a gun and loads it. A has 
not yet committed the offence. A fires the gun at Z. He has 
committed the offence defined in this- section ; and if by 
such firing he wounds Z, he is liable lo the punishment 
provided by the latter part of this section. 
(d)A, intending to murder Z by poison, purchases poison 
and mixes the same with food which remains in A's  
keeping. A has not yet committed the offence defined in this 
section. A places the food on Z's table or delivers it lo Z's 
servants to place it on Z's table. A has committed the 
offence defined in this section. 
Attempt to commit 301. 
culpable homicide. 
Whoever does any act with such intention or knowledge  
and under such circumstances, that if he by that act 
caused death he would be guilty of culpable homicide not 
amounting to murder, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years or with fine,-or with both ; and if 
hurt is caused to any person by such act, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, or with fine, or with both. 
Illustration 
A, on grave and sudden provocation, fires a pistol at Z, 
under such circumstances that if he thereby caused death 
he would be guilty of culpable homicide not amounting to 
murder. A has committed the offence defined in this section. 
Repealed. 
[4, 29 of 1998] 
302. Repealed. 
OF THE CAUSING OF MISCARRIAGE, OR INJURIES TO 
UNBORN CHILDREN. OF THE EXPOSURE OF INFANTS, 
AND OF THE CONCEALMENT OF BIRTHS 
Causing 
miscarriage. 
303. Whoever voluntarily causes a woman with child to miscarry 
shall, if such miscarriage be not caused in good faith for the 
purpose of saving the life of the woman, be 

punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, or with fine, or 
with both; and if the woman be quick with child, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Explanation 
A woman who causes herself to miscarry is within the 
meaning of this section. 
Causing 
miscarriage 
without woman's 
consent. 
304. Whoever commits the offence defined in the last 
preceding section without the consent of the woman, 
whether the woman is quick with child or not, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to twenty years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Death caused by an 305. 
act done with 
intent to causes 
miscarriage. 
Whoever, with intent to cause the miscarriage of a woman 
with child, does any act which causes the death of such 
woman, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to twenty years, 
and shall also be liable to fine. 
Explanation 
It is not essential to this offence that the offender should 
know that the act is likely to cause death. 
Act done with 
Intent to prevent a 
child being born 
alive or to cause it 
to die after birth. 
Causing death of a 
quick unborn child 
306. 
307. 
Whoever, before the birth of any child, does any act with  
the intention of thereby preventing that child from being 
born alive, or causing it to die after its birth, and does by 
such act prevent that child from being born alive, or 
causes it to die after its birth, shall, if such act be not caused 
in good faith for the purpose of saving the life of the 
mother, be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to ten years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Whoever does any act under such circumstances that if he 
thereby caused death he would be guilty of culpable 

by an act 
amounting to 
culpable homicide. 
homicide, and does by such act cause the death of a quick 
unborn child, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to ten years, 
and shall also be liable to fine. 
Illustration 
A, knowing that he is likely to cause the death of a pregnant 
woman, does an act which, if it caused the death of the woman, 
would amount to culpable homicide. The woman is injured, but 
does not die; but the death of an unborn quick child with 
which she is pregnant is thereby caused, A is guilty of the offence 
defined in this section. 
Exposure and 
abandonment of a 
child under twelve 
years by parent or 
Person having care 
of it. 
308. Whoever, being the father or mother of a child under the age 
of twelve years, or having the care of such child, shall 
expose or leave such child in any place with the intention of 
wholly abandoning such child, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, or with fine, or with both. 
Explanation 
This section is not intended to prevent the trial of the offender for 
murder or culpable homicide, as the case may be. if the child die in 
consequence of the exposure. 
Cruelty to children. 308A. 
[4, 16 of 2006] 
[3, 22 of 1995] 
(1)Whoever, having the custody, charge or care of any 
person under eighteen years of age, willfully assaults, 
ill-treats, neglects, or abandons such person or causes or 
procures such person to be assaulted, ill-treated,  
neglected, or abandoned in a manner likely to cause him 
suffering or injury to health (including injury to, or loss 
of, sight at nearing, or limb or organ of the body or any 
mental derangement), commits the offence of cruelty to 
children. 
(2)Whoever commits the offence of cruelty to children 
shall on conviction be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term not less than two years and 
not exceeding ten years and may also be punished with 
fine and be ordered to pay compensation of an amount 
determined by court to the person in respect of whom 
the offence was committed for the injuries caused to 
such person. 

Explanation : 
'injuries' includes psychological or mental trauma 
Concealment of 
birth by secret 
disposal of dead 
body. 
309. Whoever, by secretly burying or otherwise disposing of 
the dead body of a child, whether such child die before or 
after or during its birth, intentionally conceals or 
endeavors to conceal the birth of such child, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
OF HURT 
Cause hurt". 
Grievous hurt . 
[4, 22 of 1995] 
310. 
311. 
Whoever causes bodily pain, disease, or infirmity to any 
person is said to 'cause hurt'. 
The following kinds of hurt only are designated as 
'grievous'; - 
(a)emasculation; 
(b)permanent privation or impairment of the sight of 
either eye; 
(c)permanent privation or impairment of the hearing 
of either ear; 
(d)privation of any member or joint; 
(e)destruction or permanent impairment of the 
powers of any member or joint; 
(f)permanent disfiguration of the head or face; 
(g)cut or fracture, of bone, cartilage or moth or 
dislocation or sublimation, of bone, joint or tooth; 
(h)any injury which endangers life or if consequence 
of which an operation involving the opening of the 
thoracic, abdominal or cranial cavities is performed; 
(i)any injury which causes the sufferer to be in severe 
bodily pain or unable to follow his ordinary pursuits, 
for a period of twenty days either because 

of the injury or any operation necessitated by the 
injury. 
" V oluntarily 
causing hurt". 
" V oluntarily 
causing grievous 
hurt". 
Punishment for 
voluntarily causing 
hurt. 
312. 
313. 
314. 
Whoever does any act with the intention of thereby 
causing hurt to any person, or with the knowledge that he 
is likely thereby to cause hurt to any person, and does 
thereby cause hurt to any person, is said 'voluntarily to  
cause hurt'. 
Whoever voluntarily causes hurl, if the hurt which he 
intends to cause or knows himself to be likely to cause is 
grievous hurt, and if the hurt which he causes is grievous 
hurt, is said 'voluntarily to cause grievous hurt'. 
Explanation 
A person is not said voluntarily to cause grievous hurt 
except when he both causes grievous hurt and intends or 
knows himself to be likely to cause grievous hurt. But he 
is said voluntarily to cause grievous hurt if, intending or 
knowing himself to be likely to cause grievous hurt of one 
kind, he actually causes grievous hurt of another kind. 
Illustration 
A. intending or knowing himself to be likely permanently to 
disfigure Z's face, gives Z a blow which does not 
permanently disfigure Z's face, but which causes Z to 
suffer severe bodily pain for the space of twenty days. A has 
voluntarily caused grievous hurt. 
Whoever, except in the case provided for by section 325, 
voluntarily causes hurt shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to one 
year, or with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees, 
or with both. 
V oluntarily causing 315. 
hurt by dangerous 
weapons or means. 
Whoever, except in the case provided for by section 325, 
voluntarily causes hurt by means of any instrument for 
shooting, stabbing, or cutting, or any instrument which,  
used as a weapon of offence, is likely to cause death, or 
by means of fire or any heated substance, or by means of 
any poison or any corrosive substance, or by means of any 
explosive substance, or by means of any substance which 

it is deleterious to the human body to inhale, to swallow, 
or to receive into the blood, or by means of any animal,  
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to three years, or with fine, 
or with both. 
Punishment for 
voluntarily 
grievous hurt. 
316. Whoever, except in the case provided for by section 326, 
voluntarily causes grievous hurt shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine; and 
if the person to whom the grievous hurt is caused shall be 
a woman or a child, may in addition be punished with 
whipping. 
V oluntarily causing 317. 
grievous hurt by 
dangerous weapons 
or means. 
Whoever, except in the case provided for by section 326, 
voluntarily causes grievous hurt by means of any instrument 
for shooting, stabbing, or cutting, or any instrument which, 
used as a weapon of offence, is likely to cause death, or 
by means of fire or any heated substance, or by means of 
any poison or any corrosive substance, or by means of any 
explosive substance, or by means of any substance which it 
is deleterious to the human body to inhale, to swallow, or 
to receive into the blood, or by means of any animal, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable 
to fine; and if the person to whom the grievous hurt is 
caused shall be a woman or a child, may in addition be 
punished with whipping. 
V oluntarily causing 318. 
hurt to extort 
properly, or to 
constrain to an 
illegal act. 
Whoever voluntarily causes hurt for the purpose of  
extorting from the sufferer or from any person interested 
in the sufferer, any property or valuable security, or of 
constraining the sufferer or any person interested in such 
sufferer to do anything which is illegal or which may 
facilitate the commission of an offence, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Causing hurt by 
means of poison. 
&c, with intent to 
319. Whoever administers to, or causes to be taken by any  
person any poison or any stupefying, intoxicating, or 
unwholesome drug or other thing, with intent to cause 

commit an offence. hurt to such person, or with intent to commit or to 
facilitate the commission of an offence, or knowing it to 
be likely that he will thereby cause hurt, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
V oluntarily causing 320. 
grievous hurt to 
extort property or 
to constrain to an 
illegal act. 
Whoever voluntarily causes grievous hurt for the purpose of 
extorting from the sufferer, or from any person interested 
in the sufferer, any property or valuable security, or of 
constraining the sufferer or any person interested in such 
sufferer to do anything which is illegal, or which may 
facilitate the commission of an offence, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to twenty years, and shall also be liable to 
fine or to whipping. 
V oluntarily causing 321. 
hurt to extort 
confession or to 
compel restoration 
of property. 
Whoever voluntarily causes hurt for the purpose of  
extorting from the sufferer, or from any person interested 
in the sufferer, any confession or any information which 
may lead to the detection of an offence or misconduct, or for 
the purpose of constraining the sufferer or any person 
interested in the sufferer to restore or to cause the  
restoration of any property or valuable security, or to satisfy 
any claim or demand, or to give information which may 
lead to the restoration of any property or valuable security, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also 
be liable to fine. 
Illustrations 
(a)A. a police officer, tortures Z in order to induce Z to 
confess that he committed a crime. A is guilty of an 
offence under this section. 
(b)A, a police officer, tortures B to induce him to point 
out where certain stolen property is deposited. A is guilty 
of an offence under this section. 
(c)A, a revenue officer, tortures Z in order to compel him 
to pay certain arrears of revenue due from Z,. A is guilty 
of an offence under this section. 

(d)A, a landowner, tortures his tenant in order to compel 
him to pay his rent. A is guilty of an offence under this 
section. 
V oluntarily causing 322. 
grievous hurt to 
extort confession, 
or to compel 
restoration of 
property. 
Whoever voluntarily causes grievous hurt for the purpose of 
extorting from the sufferer, or from any person interested 
in the sufferer, any confession or any information which 
may lead to the detection of an offence or misconduct, or 
for the purpose of constraining the sufferer, or any person 
interested in the sufferer, to restore or to cause the 
restoration of any property or valuable security, or to satisfy 
any claim or demand, or to give information which may 
lead to the restoration of any property or valuable security 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
V oluntarily causing 323. 
hurt to deter public 
servant from his 
duty. 
Whoever voluntarily causes hurt to any person, being a 
public servant in the discharge of his duty as such public 
servant, with intent to prevent or deter that person or any 
other public servant from discharging his duty as such 
public servant, or in consequence of anything done or 
attempted to be done by that person in the lawful 
discharge of his duly as such public servant, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
V oluntarily causing 324. 
grievous hurt to 
deter public 
servant from his 
duty. 
Whoever voluntarily causes grievous hurt to any person, 
being a public servant in the discharge of his duty as such 
public servant, or with intent to prevent or deter that 
person or any other public servant from discharging his duty 
as such public servant, or in consequence of anything done 
or attempted to be done by that person in the lawful 
discharge of his duty as such public servant, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
V oluntarily causing 325. 
hurt on 
provocation. 
Whoever voluntarily causes hurt grave and sudden 
provocation, if he neither provocation. intends nor knows 
himself to be likely to cause hurt to any person other than 

the person who gave the provocation, shall be punished  
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to one month, or with fine which may extend 
to fifty rupees, or with both. 
V oluntarily causing 326. 
grievous hurt on 
provocation. 
Whoever voluntarily causes grievous hurt on grave and 
sudden provocation, if he neither intends nor knows himself 
to be likely to cause grievous hurt to any person other than 
the person who gave the provocation, shall be punished  
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to four years, or with fine which may extend to 
two thousand rupees, or with both. 
Explanation 
Sections 325 and 326 are subject to the same provisos as 
exception 1, section 294. 
Punishment for act 
which endangers 
life or the personal 
safely of others. 
Causing hurt by an 
act which 
endangers life or 
the personal safety 
others . 
Causing grievous 
hurt by act which 
endangers life or 
the personal safety 
of others. 
327. 
328. 
329. 
Whoever does any act so rashly or negligently as to 
endanger human life, or the personal safety of others, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to three months, or with fine 
which may extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever causes hurt to any person by doing any act so 
rashly or negligently as to endanger human life, or the 
personal safety of others, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to 
one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever causes grievous hurt to any person by doing any 
act so rashly or negligently as to endanger human life, or the 
personal safety of others, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine which may extend to one 
thousand rupees, or with both. 
OF WRONGFUL RESTRAINT AND WRONGFUL 
CONFINEMENT 

"Wrongful 
restraint". 
"Wrongful 
confinement". 
330. 
331. 
Whoever voluntarily obstructs any person so as to prevent 
that person from proceeding in any direction in which that 
person has a right to proceed, is said 'wrongfully  to 
restrain' that person. 
Exception.- The obstruction of a private way over land or 
water, which a person in good faith believes himself lo have 
a lawful right to obstruct, is not an offence within the 
meaning of this section. 
Illustration 
A obstructs a path along which Z has a right to pass, A not 
believing in good faith that he has a right to stop the path. 
Z is thereby prevented from passing. A wrongfully 
restrains Z. 
Whoever wrongfully restrains any person in such a 
manner as to prevent that person from proceeding beyond 
certain circumscribing limits is said ' wrongfully to 
confine ' that person. 
Illustrations 
(a)A causes 1 to go within a walled space and locks Z in. 
Z is thus prevented from proceeding in any direction beyond 
the circumscribing line of wall. A wrongfully confines Z. 
(b)A places men with firearms at the outlets of a building 
and testis Z that they will fire at Z if Z attempts to leave 
the building. A wrongfully confines Z. 
Punishment for 
wrongful restraint. 
Punishment for 
wrongful 
confinement. 
Wrongful 
confinement for 
332. 
333. 
334. 
Whoever wrongfully restrains any person shall be 
punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may 
extend may to one month, or with fine which extend to fifty 
rupees, or with both. 
Whoever wrongfully confines any person shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to one year, or with fine which 
may extend to one thousand rupees, or with both. 
Whoever wrongfully confines any person for three days or 
more shall be for there punished with imprisonment of 

three or more days. either description for a term which may extend to two 
years, or with fine, or with both. 
Wrongful 
confinement for ten 
or more days . 
Wrongful 
confinement of 
person for whose 
liberation a write 
has been issued. 
Wrongful 
confinement secret. 
Wrongful 
confinement for the 
purpose of 
extorting property, 
or constraining to 
an illegal act. 
Wrongful 
confinement for the 
purpose of 
extorting 
confession, or of 
335. 
336. 
337. 
338. 
339. 
Whoever wrongfully confines any person for ten days or 
more shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to three years, 
and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever keeps any person in wrongful confinement, 
knowing that a writ for the liberation of that person has  
been duly issued, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to two years, 
in addition to any term of imprisonment to which he 
may be liable under any other section of this Code. 
Whoever wrongfully confines any person in such manner as 
to indicate an intention that the confinement of such person 
may not be known to any person interested in the person so 
confined, or to any public servant, or that the place of such 
confinement may not be known to or discovered by any 
such person or public servant as hereinbefore mentioned, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to two years, in addition to 
any other punishment to which he may be liable for such 
wrongful confinement. 
Whoever wrongfully confines any person for the purpose of 
extorting from the person confined, or from any person 
interested in the person confined, any property or valuable 
security, constraining the person confined, or any person 
interested in such person, to do anything illegal or to give 
any information which may facilitate the commission of 
an offence shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to three years, 
and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever wrongfully confines any person for the purpose 
of extorting from the person confined, or any person 
interested in the person confined, any confession or any 
information which may lead to the detection of an offence 
or misconduct, or for the purpose of constraining the 

completing 
restoration of 
property. 
person confined, or any person interested in the person 
confined, to restore or to cause the restoration of any 
property or valuable security, or to satisfy any claim or 
demand, or to give information which may lead to the 
restoration of any property or valuable security, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
OF CRIMINAL FORCE AND ASSAULT 
Force. 
" Criminal force". 
340. 
341. 
A person is said to use force to another if he causes 
motion, change of motion, or cessation of motion to that 
other, or if he causes to any substance such motion or 
change of motion or cessation of motion as brings that 
substance into contact with any part of that other's body, 
or with anything which that other is wearing or carrying, 
or with anything so situated that such contact affects that 
other's sense of feeling: 
Provided that the person causing the motion or change of 
motion or cessation of motion causes that motion, change 
of motion, or cessation of motion in one of the three ways 
hereinafter described- 
Firstly- By his own bodily power. 
Secondly- By disposing any substance in such a 
manner that the motion or change or cessation of 
motion takes place without any further act on his 
part or on the part of any other person. 
Thirdly- By inducing any animal to move, to change 
its motion, or to cease to move. 
Whoever intentionally uses force to any person, without that 
person's consent, in order to the committing of any offence, 
or intending illegally by the use of such force to cause, or 
knowing it to be likely that by the use of such force he will 
illegally cause injury, fear, or annoyance to the person to 
whom the force is used, is said to use 'criminal force' to 
that other. 

Illustrations 
(a)t is sitting in a moored boat on a river. A unfastens the 
moorings, and thus intentionally causes the boat to drift 
down the stream. Here A intentionally causes motion to 
Z, and he does this by disposing substances in such a 
manner that the motion is produced without any other act 
on any person's part. A has therefore intentionally 
used force to Z; and if he has done so without Z's consent in 
order to the committing of any offence, or intending or 
knowing it to be likely that this use of force will cause 
injury, fear or annoyance to Z, A has used criminal force 
to Z. 
(b)Z is riding in a chariot. A lashes Z's horses, and 
thereby causes them to quicken their pace. Here A has 
caused change of motion to Z by inducing the 
animals to change their motion. A has therefore used force 
to Z; and if A has done this without Z's consent, intending 
or knowing it to be likely that he may thereby injure, 
frighten, or annoy Z, A has committed criminal force to Z. 
(c)Z is riding in a palanquin. A intending to rob Z seizes 
the pole and slops the palanquin. Here A has caused 
cessation of motion to Z, and he has done this by his own 
bodily power. A has there used force to Z; and as A has 
acted thus intentionally without Z's consent, in order to 
the commission of an offence, A has used criminal force 
to Z. 
(d)A intentionally pushes against Z in the street. Here A 
has by his own bodily power moved his person so as to 
bring it into contact with Z. He has therefore intentionally 
used force to Z, and if he has done so without Z's consent, 
intending or knowing it to be likely that he may thereby 
injure, frighten, or annoy Z, he has used criminal force 
to Z. 
(e)A throws a stone, intending or knowing it to be likely 
that the stone will thus be brought into contact with Z, or 
with Z's clothes, or with something carried by Z, or that it 
will strike water and dash up the water against Z's clothes 
or something carried by Z. Here, if the throwing of 
the stone produce the effect of causing any substance to 

come into contact with Z or Z's clothes, A has used force 
to Z; and if he did so without Z's consent, intending thereby 
to injure, frighten, or annoy Z, he has used criminal force 
to Z. 
(f)A intentionally pulls up a woman's veil. Here A 
intentionally uses force to her; and if he does so 
without her consent, intending or knowing it to be 
likely that he may thereby injure, frighten, or annoy 
her, he has used criminal force to her. 
(g)Z is bathing. A pours into the bath water which he 
knows to be boiling. Here A intentionally, by his own 
bodily power, causes such motion in the boiling water as 
brings that water into contact with Z, or with other water 
so situated that such contact must affect Z's sense of  
feeling. A has therefore intentionally used force to Z, and 
if he has done this without Z's consent, intending or 
knowing it to be likely that he may thereby cause injury, 
fear, or annoyance to Z, A has used criminal force to Z. 
(h)A incites a dog to spring upon Z, without Z's consent. 
Here, if A intends to cause injury, fear, or annoyance to Z, 
he uses criminal force to Z. 
(i)A, a schoolmaster, in the reasonable exercise of his 
discretion as master, flogs B, one of his scholars. A does not 
use criminal force to B, because, although A intends to 
cause fear and annoyance to B, he does not use force 
illegally. 
'Assault '. 342. Whoever makes any gesture or any preparation, intending 
or knowing it to be likely that such gesture or preparation 
will cause any person present to apprehend that he who 
makes that gesture or preparation is about to use criminal 
force to that person, is said to commit ' an assault '. 
Explanation 
Mere words do not amount to an assault. But the words 
which a person uses may give to his gestures or 
preparation such a meaning as may make those gestures 
or preparations amount to an assault. 
Illustrations 
(a)A shakes his fist at Z, intending or knowing it to be 

likely that he may thereby cause Z to believe that A is about 
to strike Z. A has committed an assault. 
(b)A begins to unloose the muzzle of a ferocious dog. 
intending or knowing it to be likely that he may thereby 
cause Z to believe that he is about to cause the dog to attack 
Z. A has committed an assault upon Z. 
(c)A takes up a stick, saying to Z, ' I will give you a 
beating '. Here, though the words used by A could in no 
case amount to an assault, and though the mere gesture, 
unaccompanied by any other circumstances, might not 
amount to an assault, the gesture explained by the words 
may amount to assault. 
Punishment for 
using criminal 
force otherwise 
than on grave and 
sudden 
provocation. 
343. Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person 
otherwise than on grave and sudden provocation given by 
that person shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to three months, or 
with fine which may extend to fifty rupees, or with both, 
Explanation 
Grave and sudden provocation will not mitigate the 
punishment for an offence under this section, 
if the provocation is sought or voluntarily provoked by 
the offender as an excuse for the offence; orif the 
provocation is given by anything done in obedience to the 
law, or by a public servant in the lawful exercise of the 
powers of such public servant; or 
if the provocation is given by anything done in the lawful 
exercise of the right of private defence. 
Whether the provocation was grave and sudden enough to 
mitigate the offence, is a question of fact. 
Using criminal 
force to deter a 
public servant from 
discharge of his 
duty. 
344. Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person being 
a public servant in the execution of his duty, as such public 
servant, or with intent to prevent or deter that person 
from discharging his duty as such public servant, or in 
consequence of anything done or attempted to be done by 
such person in the lawful discharge of his duty as such 
public servant, shall be punished with imprisonment  of 
either description for a term which may extend to two 

years, or with fine, or with both. 
Sexual harassment. 345. 
[5, 16 of 2006] 
[5, 22 of 1995] 
Whoever, by assault or use of criminal force, sexually 
harasses another person, or by the use of words or actions, 
causes sexual annoyance or harassment to such other person 
commits the offence of sexual harassment and shall on 
conviction be punished with imprisonment of  either 
description for a term which may extend to five years or 
with fine or with both and may also be ordered to pay  
compensation of an amount determined by court to the 
person in respect of whom the offence was committed for 
the injuries caused to such person. 
Explanation 
1.Unwelcome sexual advances by words or action used 
by a person in authority, to a working place or any other 
place, shall constitute the offence of sexual harassment. 
2.For the purposes of this section an assault may include  
any act that does not amount to rape under section 363 or 
grave sexual abuse under section 365B. 
3.'injuries' includes psychological or mental trauma. 
Assault or criminal 346. 
force with intent to 
dishonour a person 
otherwise than on 
grave and sudden 
provocation. 
Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person 
intending thereby to dishonor that person otherwise than 
on grave and sudden provocation given by that person, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Assault or criminal 347. 
force in attempt to 
commit theft of property 
carried by 
a person. 
Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person in 
attempting to commit theft of any property which that 
person is then wearing or carrying, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Assault or criminal 348. 
force in attempt 
wrongfully to 
confine person. 
Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person, in 
attempting wrongfully to confine that person, shall be 
confine person, punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to one year, or  
with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees, or 
with both. 

Assaulting or using 349. 
criminal force on 
grave and sudden 
provocation. 
Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person on 
grave and sudden provocation given by that person shall 
be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which  
may extend to one month, or with fine which may extend 
to fifty rupees, or with both. 
Explanation 
Section 349 is subject to the same explanation as section 
343. 
OF KIDNAPPING, ABDUCTION, SLA VERY, ETC. 
Kidnapping. 
" Kidnapping Sri 
Lanka ". 
"Kidnapping from 
lawful 
guardianship". 
350. 
351. 
352. 
Kidnapping is of two kinds- 
kidnapping from Sri Lanka, and 
kidnapping from lawful guardianship. 
Whoever conveys any person beyond the limits of Sri  
Lanka without the consent of that person or of some 
person legally authorized to consent on behalf of that 
person, is said to ' kidnap that person from Sri Lanka '. 
Whoever takes or entices any minor under fourteen years 
of age if a male, or under sixteen years of age if a female, or 
any person of unsound mind, out of the keeping of the 
lawful guardian of such minor or person of unsound mind, 
without the consent of such guardian, is said to 'kidnap such 
minor or person from lawful guardianship'. 
Explanation 
The words ' lawful guardian ' in this section include any person 
lawfully entrusted with the care or custody of such minor or other 
person. 
Exception 
This section does not extend to the act of any person who in good 
faith believes himself to be the father of an illegitimate child,' or who 
in good faith believes himself to be entitled to the lawful 

custody of such child, unless such act is committed for an immoral 
or unlawful purpose. 
"Abduction". 
Punishment for 
kidnapping. 
Kidnapping or 
abducting in order 
to murder. 
Kidnapping or 
abducting with 
intent secretly and 
wrongfully to 
confine a person. 
Kidnapping or 
abducting a woman 
to compel her 
marriage, &c. 
353. 
354. 
355. 
356. 
357. 
Whoever by force compels, or by any deceitful means, or 
by abuse of authority or any other means of compulsion, 
induces any person to go from any place, is said to 
'abduct' that person. 
Whoever kidnaps any person from Sri Lanka or from lawful 
guardianship shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, and 
shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever kidnaps or abducts any person in order that such 
person may be murdered, or may be so disposed of as to 
be put in danger of being murdered, shall be punished 
with rigorous imprisonment for a term which may extend to 
twenty years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Illustrations 
(a)A kidnaps Z from Sri Lanka, intending or 
knowing it to be likely that Z may be sacrificed to an idol. A 
has committed the offence defined in this section. 
(b)A forcibly carries or entices B away from his home in 
order that B may be murdered. A has committed  the 
offence defined in this section. 
Whoever kidnaps or abducts any person with intent to cause 
that person to be secretly and wrongfully confined shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to 
fine. 
Whoever kidnaps or abducts any woman with intent that she 
may be compelled, or knowing it to be likely that she will 
be compelled, to marry any person against her will, or in 
order that she may be forced or seduced to illicit 
intercourse, or knowing it to be likely that she will be  
forced or seduced to illicit intercourse, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 

Kidnapping or 
abducting in order 
to subject a person 
to grievous hurt, 
slavery, &c. 
Debt bondage, 
serfdom, forced or 
compulsory labour, 
slavery and 
recruitment of 
children for use in 
armed conflict. 
[7, 16 of 2006] 
358. 
358A. 
Whoever kidnaps or abducts any person in order that such 
person may be subjected, or may be so disposed of as to 
be put in danger of being subjected, to grievous hurt or 
slavery, or to the unnatural lust of any person, or knowing it 
to be likely that such person will be so subjected or 
disposed of, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to ten 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
(1)Any person who - 
(a)subjects or causes any person to be 
subjected to debt bondage or serfdom; 
(b)subjects or causes any person to be 
subjected to forced or compulsory labour; 
(c)subjects or causes any person to be 
subjected to slavery; or 
(d)engages or recruits a child for use in armed 
conflict, 
shall be guilty of an offence. 
(2)Any person who is guilty of an offence under 
paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of subsection (1), shall on 
conviction be liable to imprisonment of either 
description for a term not exceeding twenty years  
and to a fine. Where the offence is committed 
under paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of subsection (1) in 
relation to a child or where the offence is 
committed under paragraph (d) of subsection (1), 
be liable to imprisonment of either description for a 
term not exceeding thirty years and to a fine. 
(3)In this section - 
'debt bondage' means the status or condition of 
a debtor arising from a pledge by the debtor of 
his personal services or of those of a person 
under his control as security for a debt, if the 
value of those services as reasonably assessed is 
not set - off against the debt and the length and 
nature of those services are undefined; 
'forced or compulsory labour' means all work 

or service which is exacted from a person under 
the threat of any penalty and for which such 
person has not offered himself  voluntarily, 
except- 
(a)any work or service exacted by virtue 
of any law for the time being relating to 
compulsory military service in relation to 
work or service of a purely military 
character; 
(b)any work or service which forms part 
of the normal civic obligations of the 
citizens of a fully self-governing country; 
(c)any work or service exacted from any 
person as a punishment imposed by a court 
of law, provided that the said work  or 
service is carried out under the supervision 
and control of a public authority and that 
the said person is not hired to be or placed, 
at the disposal of private individuals, 
companies or associations; 
(d)any work or service exacted in cases of 
emergency, that is to say, in the event of 
war or of a calamity or threatened 
calamity, such as fire, flood, famine, 
earthquake, violent epidemic of epizootic 
diseases, invasion by animal, insect or 
vegetable pests, and in general any 
circumstance that would endanger the 
existence or the well-being of the whole or 
part of the population; 
(e)minor services of a kind which, being 
performed by the members of the 
community in the direct interests of the 
said community, and thereby considered as 
normal civic obligations incumbent upon 
the members of the community, provided 
that the members of the community  or 
their direct representatives 

shall have the right to be consulted in 
regard to the need for such services; 
'serfdom' means the condition or status of a 
tenant who is by law, custom or agreement 
bound to live and labour on land belonging to 
another person and to render some 
determinate service to such other person 
whether for reward or not and is not free to 
change his status; 
'slavery' means the status or condition of a 
person over whom any or all of the powers 
attaching to the right of ownership are 
exercised; and 
'child' means a person under eighteen years of 
age. 
Wrongfully 
concealing or 
keeping in 
confinement a 
kidnapped person. 
Kidnapping or 
abducting a child 
under ten years 
with intent to steal 
movable property 
from the person of 
such child. 
Procuration. [5, 
29 of 1998] 
[7, 22 of 1995] 
359. 
360. 
360A. 
Whoever, knowing that any person has been kidnapped or 
has been abducted, wrongfully conceals or keeps such 
person in confinement, shall be punished in the same 
manner as if he kidnapped or abducted such person with the 
same intention or knowledge or for the same purpose as 
that with or for which he conceals or detains such 
person in confinement. 
Whoever kidnaps or abducts any child under the age of 
ten years, with the intention of taking dishonestly any 
movable property from the person of such child, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Whoever- 
(1)procures, or attempts to procure, any person, 
whether male or female of whatever age (whether 
with or without the consent of such person) to 
become, within or outside Sri Lanka, prostitute; 
(2)procures, or attempts to procure, any person, 
under sixteen years of age to leave Sri Lanka 
(whether with or without the consent of such 

person) with a view to illicit sexual intercourse 
with any person outside Sri Lanka, or removes, or 
attempts to remove, from Sri Lanka any such 
person (whether with or without the consent of 
such person) for the said purpose; 
(3)procures, or attempts to procure, any person of 
whatever age, to leave Sri Lanka (whether with or 
without the consent of such person) with intent that 
such person may become the inmate of, or 
frequent, a brothel elsewhere, or removes, or 
attempts to remove, from Sri Lanka any such 
person (whether with or without the consent of 
such person) for the said purpose; 
(4)brings, or attempts to bring, into Sri Lanka any 
person under sixteen years of age with a view to 
illicit sexual intercourse with any other person, in Sri 
Lanka or outside Sri Lanka; 
(5)procures, or attempts to procure, any person of 
whatever age (whether with or without the consent 
of such person) to leave such person's usual place 
of abode in Sri Lanka with a view to illicit sexual 
intercourse within or outside Sri Lanka; 
(6)detains any person without the consent of such 
person in any premises with a view to illicit sexual 
intercourse or sexual abuse. 
Commits the offence of procuration and shall on 
conviction be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term of not less than two years and not 
exceeding ten years and may also be punished with a 
fine. 
Sexual exploitation 360B. 
of children. 
[8, 22 of 1995] 
(1)Whoever- 
(a)knowingly permits any child to remain in 
any premises for the purpose of causing such 
child to be sexually abused or to participate in 
any form of sexual activity or in any obscene 
or indecent exhibition or show; 
(b)acts as a procurer of a child for the  
purposes of sexual intercourse or for any form 

of sexual abuse; 
(c)induces any person to be a client of a child 
for sexual intercourse or for any form of 
sexual abuse, by means of print or other 
media, oral advertisements or other similar 
means; 
(d)takes advantage, of his influence over, or his 
relationship to, a child, to procure such child 
for sexual intercourse or any form of sexual 
abuse; 
(e)threatens, or uses violence towards, a child 
to procure such child for sexual intercourse or 
any form of sexual abuse; 
(f)gives monetary consideration, goods or 
other benefits to a child or his parents with 
intent to procure such child for sexual 
intercourse or any form of sexual abuse, 
commits the offence of sexual exploitation of 
children and shall on conviction be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term not less 
than five years and not exceeding twenty years and 
may also be punished with fine. 
(2)In this section child means a person under 
eighteen years of age. 
Trafficking. [8, 
16 of 2006] 
[8, 22 of 1995] 
360C. (1)Whoever- 
(a)buys, sells or barters or instigates another 
person to buy, sell or barter any person or does 
anything to promote, facilitate or induce the 
buying, selling or bartering of any person for 
money or other consideration; 
(b)recruits, transports, transfers, harbours or 
receives any person or does any other act by the 
use of threat, force, fraud, deception or 
inducement or by exploiting the vulnerability of 
another for the purpose of securing forced or 
compulsory labour or services, slavery, 
servitude, the removal of organs, prostitution 
or other forms of sexual exploitation or any 

other act which constitutes an offence under any 
law; 
(c)recruits, transports, transfers, harbours or 
receives a child or does any other act whether 
with or without the consent of such child for the 
purpose of securing forced or compulsory 
labour or services, slavery, servitude or the 
removal of organs, prostitution or other forms 
of sexual exploitation, or any other act which 
constitutes an offence under any law, 
(2)Any person who is guilty of the offence of 
trafficking shall on conviction be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term not less 
than two years and not exceeding twenty years and 
may also be punished with fine and where such 
offence is committed in respect of a child, be 
punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term not less than three years and not exceeding 
twenty years and may also be punished with fine. 
(3)In this section,- 
'child' means a person under eighteen years of 
age; 'forced or compulsory labour' has the 
same meaning as in section 358A; 
'slavery' has the same meaning as in section 
358A; and 
'exploiting the vulnerability of another' means 
impelling a person to submit to any act, taking 
advantage of such person's economic, cultural 
or other circumstances.' 
Offences related to 360D. 
adoption. 
[9, 16 of 2006] 
Whoever, for the purpose of placing any person in 
adoption - 
(i)arranges for, or assists, a child to travel to a 
foreign country without the consent of his parent or 
lawful guardian; 
(ii)obtains the consent, whether written or oral of a 
pregnant woman, for money or any other 
consideration, for the adoption of the unborn child 

of such woman; 
(iii)recruits a woman or a couple to bear children; 
(iv)being a person concerned with the registration of 
births, knowingly permits the falsification of any 
register used for the registration of births or any birth 
record contained in any such register; 
(v)engages in procuring children from hospitals, 
shelters for women, clinics, nurseries, day care 
centres or other child care institutions or welfare 
centres, for money or other consideration or 
procures a child for adoption from any such 
institution or centre, by intimidation of the mother 
or any other person; or 
(vi)impersonates the mother or assists in such 
impersonation, 
(2) In this section 'child' means a person under eighteen 
years of age. 
Soliciting a child. 
[9, 16 of 2006] 
Repealed 
[9, 22 of 1995] 
Repealed 
[9, 22 of 1995] 
Cohabitation caused 
by a man 
deceitfully inducing 
a belief of 
360E. 
361. 
362. 
362A. 
Repealed. 
Repealed. 
(1)Whoever, whether within Sri Lanka or from outside Sri 
Lanka solicits by whatever means- 
(a)a person under eighteen years of age; or 
(b)any person believing such person to be under 
eighteen years of age, 
for the purpose of sexual abuse of a child, commits the 
offence of soliciting a child and shall on conviction be 
liable to imprisonment of either description for a term 
not exceeding ten years or to a fine, or to both such 
imprisonment and fine. 
Every man, who by deceit causes any woman who is not 
lawfully married to him to believe that she is lawfully 
married to him, and to cohabit or have sexual 
intercourse with him in that belief, shall be punished 

lawful marriage. with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Marrying again 
during the lifetime 
of husband or wife. 
Same offence with 
concealment of the 
former marriage 
from the person 
with whom 
subsequent 
marriage is 
contracted. 
362B. 
362C. 
Whoever, having a husband or wife living, marries in 
any case in which such marriage is void by reason of its 
taking place during the life of such husband or wife, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, 
and shall also be liable to fine, 
Exception 
This section does not extend lo any person whose marriage with 
such husband or wife has been declared void by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor to any person who contracts a 
marriage during the life of a former husband or wife, if such 
husband or wife, at the lime of the subsequent marriage, shall 
have been continually absent from such person for the space of 
seven years and shall not have been heard of by such person as 
being alive within that time: 
Provided the person contracting such subsequent marriage shall, 
before such marriage takes place, inform the person with whom 
such marriage is contracted of the real state of facts, as far as 
the same are within his or her knowledge. 
Whoever commits the offence defined in the last  
preceding section, having concealed from the person 
with whom the subsequent marriage is contracted the 
fact of the former marriage, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Marriage ceremony 362D. 
gone through with 
fraudulent intent 
without lawful 
marriage. 
Whoever dishonestly or with a fraudulent intention goes 
through the ceremony of being married, knowing that he 
thereby lawfully married, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
OF RAPE AND INCEST 

'Rape'. 
[6, 29 of 1998] 
[12, 22 of 1995] 
Punishment for 
rape. 
[10, 16 of 2006] 
[13, 22 of 1995] 
363. 
364. 
A man is said to commit 'rape' who enactment has sexual 
intercourse with, a woman under circumstances falling 
under any of the following descriptions:- 
(a)without her consent even where such woman is his 
wife and she is judicially separated from the man; 
(b)with her consent, while she was in lawful or 
unlawful detention or when her consent has been 
obtained, by use of force or intimidation, or by threat 
of detention or by putting her in fear of death or hurt; 
(c)with her consent when her consent has been 
obtained at a time when she was of unsound mind or 
was in a state of intoxication induced by alcohol or 
drugs, administered to her by the man or by some  
other person; 
(d)with her consent when the man knows that he is 
not her husband, and that her consent is given 
because she believes that he is another man to whom 
she is, or believed herself to be, lawfully married; 
(e)with or without her consent when she is under 
sixteen years of age, unless the woman is his wife who 
is over twelve years of age and is not judicially 
separated from the man. 
Explanation 
(i)Penetration is sufficient to constitute the sexual intercourse 
necessary to the offence of rape; 
(ii)Evidence of resistance such as physical injuries to the 
body is not essential to prove that sexual intercourse took 
place without consent. 
(1) Whoever commits rape shall, except, in the cases 
provided for in subsections (2) and (3), be punished with 
rigorous Imprisonment for a term not less than seven 
years and not exceeding twenty years and with fine, and 
shall in addition be ordered to pay compensation of an 
amount determined by court, to the person in respect of 
whom the offence was committed for the injuries caused 
to each person. 

(2)Whoever- 
(a)being a public officer or person in a position of 
authority, takes advantage of his official position, 
and commits rape on a woman in his official custody 
or wrongfully restrains and commits rape on a woman; 
(b)being on the management, or on the staff of a 
remand home or other place of custody, established by 
or under law, or of a women's or children's institution, 
takes advantage of his position and commits rape on 
any woman inmate of such remand home, place of 
custody or institution; 
(c)being on the management or staff of a hospital, 
takes advantage of his position and commits rape on 
a woman in that hospital; 
(d)commits rape on a woman knowing her to be 
pregnant; 
(e)commits rape on a woman under eighteen years 
of age; 
(f)commits rape on a woman who is mentally or 
physically disabled; 
(g)commits gang rape, 
shall be punished with rigorous imprisonment for a term not 
less than ten years and not exceeding twenty years and 
with fine and shall in addition be ordered to pay 
compensation of an amount determined by court to the 
person in respect of whom the offence was committed for 
the injuries caused to such person; 
Provided however, that where the offence is committed in 
respect of a person under sixteen years of age, the court 
may, where the offender is a person under eighteen years of 
age and the intercourse has been with the consent of the 
person, impose a sentence of imprisonment for a term less 
than ten years, 
Explanation 1 
Where the offence of rape is committed by one or more 
persons in a group of persons, each person in such group 

committing, or abetting the commission of such offence is 
deemed to have committed gang rape; 
Explanation 2 
'women's or children's institution' means an institution for 
the reception and care of women or children, howsoever 
described; 
Explanation 3 
'hospital' means the precincts of the hospital and includes 
the precincts of any institution for the reception and 
treatment of persons during convalescence or of persons 
requiring medical attention or rehabilitation. 
Explanation 4 
'injuries' includes psychological or mental trauma. 
(3)Whoever commits rape on a woman under sixteen years 
of age and the woman stands towards the man in any of 
the degrees of relationships enumerated in section 364A 
shall on conviction be punished with rigorous 
imprisonment, for a term not less than fifteen years and 
not exceeding twenty years and with fine. 
(4)Where any person fails to pay the compensation he is 
ordered to pay under subsection (1) or subsection (2), he 
shall, in addition to the imprisonment imposed on him  
under subsection (1) or subsection (2) be punished with a 
further term of imprisonment of either description for a  
term which may extend up to two years. 
Incest. 
[15, 22 of 1995] 
364A. (1)Whoever has sexual intercourse with another, who 
stands towards him in any following enumerated 
degrees of relationship, that is to say- 
(a)either party is directly descended from the other 
or is the adoptive parent, adoptive grand parent, 
adoptive child or adopted grand child or the other; 
or 
(b)the female, is the sister of the male, either by 
the full or the half blood or by adoption, or is the 
daughter of his brother, or of his sister, by the full 
or the half blood or by adoption, or is a descendant 
from either of them, or is the daughter of his wife 
by another father, or is his sons or grandsons or 

fathers or grandfathers widow; or 
(c)the male, is the brother of the female either by the 
full or the half blood or by adoption, or is the son of 
her brother or sister by the full or half blood or by 
adoption or is a descendant from either of them, or is 
the son of her husband by another mother, or is her 
deceased daughters or grand daughters or mothers or 
grand mothers husband, 
commits the offence of incest 
(2)The offence of incest shall not be affected or negated 
by reason of the existence of any defect in the legality of 
any relationship given in this section, such as absence of a 
valid marriage or adoption. 
(3)Whoever- 
(a)commits incest, shall be punished with rigorous 
imprisonment for a term not less than seven years  
and not exceeding twenty years and with fine. 
(b)Attempts to commit incest shall be punished  
with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may exceed to two years. 
(4)No prosecution shall be commenced for an offence 
under this section except with the written sanction of the 
Attorney General. 
OF UNNATURAL OFFENCES AND GRA VE SEXUAL 
ABUSE 
Unnatural offence. 
[11, 16 of 2006] 
[17, 22 of 1995] 
365. Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the  
order of nature with any man, woman, or animal, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to ten years, and shall also be punished 
with fine and where the offence is committed by a person 
over eighteen years of age in respect of any person under 
sixteen years of age shall be punished with rigorous 
imprisonment for a term not less than ten years and not 
exceeding twenty years and with fine and shall also be 
ordered  to pay compensation  of an amount 

determined by court to the person in respect of whom the 
offence was committed for injuries caused to such person. 
Explanation (1) 
Penetration is sufficient to constitute the carnal 
intercourse necessary to the offence described in this 
section. 
Explanation (2) 
'injuries' includes psychological or mental trauma. 
Acts of gross 
indecency between 
persons. 
[12, 16 of 2006] 
[18, 22 of 1995] 
365A. Any person who, in public or private, commits, or is a 
party to the commission of, or procures or attempts 
procure the commission by any person of, any act of 
gross indecency with another person, shall he guilty of 
an offence, and shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description, for a term which may extend to two 
years or with fine or with both and where the offence is 
committed by a person over eighteen years of age in 
respect of any person under sixteen years of age shall be 
punished with rigorous imprisonment for a term not less 
than ten years and not exceeding twenty years and with 
fine and shall also be ordered to pay compensation of an 
amount determined by court to the person in respect of 
whom the offence was committed for the injuries caused 
to such person. 
Explanation 
'injuries' includes psychological or mental trauma. 
Grave sexual abuse 365B. 
[13, 16 of 2006] 
[7, 29 of 1998] 
[19, 22 of 1995] 
(1)Grave sexual abuse is committed any person who, 
for sexual gratification, does any act, by the use of his 
genitals or any other part of the human body or any 
Instrument on any orifice or part of the body of any 
other person, being an act which does not amount to 
rape under section 363, in circumstances falling under 
any of the following descriptions, that is to say- 
(a)without the consent of the other person; 
(aa) with or without the consent of the other person 

when the other person is under sixteen years of age; 
(b)with the consent of the other person while such 
other person was in lawful or unlawful detention or 
where that consent has been obtained, by use of  
force, or intimidation or threat of detention or by 
putting such other person in fear of death or hurt; 
(c)with the consent of the other person where such 
consent has been obtained at a time the other 
person was of unsound mind or was in a state of 
intoxication induced by alcohol Of drugs. 
(2)Whoever- 
(a)commits grave sexual abuse shall be punished 
with rigorous imprisonment for a term not less than 
five years and not exceeding twenty years and with 
fine and shall also be ordered to pay compensation of 
an amount determined by court to the person in 
respect of whom the offence was committed for the 
injuries caused to such person; 
(b)Commits grave sexual abuse on any person  
under eighteen years of age, shall be punished with 
rigorous imprisonment for a term not less than 
seven years and not exceeding twenty years and 
with fine and shall also be ordered to pay 
compensation of an amount determined by court to 
the person in respect of whom the offence was 
committed for the injuries caused to such person; 
Explanation 
'injuries' includes psychological or mental trauma. 
OF PUBLICATION OF MATTER RELATING TO CERTAIN 
OFFENCES 
Publication of 
matter relating to 
certain offences. 
[21, 22 of 1995] 
365C. (1)Whoever prints or publishes, the name, or any matter 
which may make known the identity, of any person  
against whom an offence under section 345 or section 
360A or section 360B or section 363 or section 364A or 
section 365 or section 365A or section 365B, is 
alleged or found to have been committed (hereinafter 
in this 

section referred to as 'the victim') shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years or with fine or with both. 
(2)Nothing in subsection (1) shall apply to the printing or 
publication of the name, or any matter which may make 
known the identity, of the victim, if such printing or 
publication is- 
(a)by or under the order of the officer in charge of 
the police station or the police officer, making 
investigation into such offence, acting in good faith 
for the purposes of such investigation; or 
(b)by or with the authorization in writing of the 
victim; or 
(c)by or with the authorization in writing of the next 
of kin of the victim where the victim is dead or 
the parent or guardian of the victim, where the victim 
is a minor or is of unsound mind: 
Provided no such authorization shall be given by 
such next of kin to any person other than to the 
Chairman, Secretary or Manager, howsoever 
described, of any welfare institution or organization 
recognized by the State. 
(3)Whoever prints or publishes any matter in relation to 
any proceeding in any court with respect to an offence 
referred to in subsection (1), without the previous 
permission of such court, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years or with fine or with both. 
Explanation 
The printing or publication of a judgment of the Court 
of Appeal or the Supreme Court does not amount to an 
offence within the meaning of this section. 
CHAPTER XVII 
OF OFFENCES AGAINST PROPERTY OF THEFT 
"Theft". 366. Whoever, intending  to  take  dishonestly  any  movable 

property out of the possession of any person without that 
person's consent, moves that property in order to such 
taking, is said to commit theft. 
Explanation I 
A thing so long as it is attached to the earth, not being 
movable property, is not the subject of theft; but it becomes 
capable of being the subject of theft as soon as it is severed 
from the earth. 
Explanation 2 
A moving effected by the same act which effects the 
severance may be a theft. 
Explanation 3 
A person is said to cause a thing to move by removing an 
obstacle which prevented it from moving, or by 
separating it from any other thing, as well as by actually 
moving it. 
Explanation 4 
A person who by any means causes an animal to move is 
said to move that animal and to move everything which 
in consequence of the motion so caused, is moved by that 
animal. 
Explanation 5 
The  consent  mentioned  in  the  definition  may 
be expressed or implied, and may be given either by the 
person in possession, or by any person having for that 
purpose authority either express or implied. 
Illustrations 
(a)A cuts down a tree on Z's ground, with the intention of 
dishonestly taking the tree out of Z's possession without 
Z's consent. Here, as soon as A has severed the tree, in 
order to such taking, he has committed theft. 
(b)A puts a bait for dogs in his pocket, and thus induces Z's 
dog to follow it. Here, if As intention be dishonestly to 
take the dog out of Z's possession without Z's consent, A 
has committed theft as soon as Z's dog has begun to follow 
A. 
(c)A meets a bullock carrying a box of treasure. He 

drives the bullock in a certain direction, in order that he 
may dishonestly take the treasure. As soon as the bullock 
begins to move A has committed theft of the treasure. 
(d)A, being Z's servant, and entrusted by Z with the care of 
Z's plate, dishonestly runs away with the plate without Z's 
consent. A has committed theft. 
(e)Z, going on a journey, entrusts his plate to A, the keeper 
of a warehouse, till Z shall return. A carries the plate to a 
goldsmith and sells it. Here the plate was not in Z's 
possession. It could not therefore be taken out of Z's 
possession, and A has not committed theft, though he 
may have committed criminal breach of trust. 
(f)A finds a ring belonging to Z on a table in the house 
which Z occupies. Here the ring is in Z's possession, and 
if A dishonestly removes it, A commits theft. 
(g)A finds a ring lying on the high road, not in 
the possession of any person. A, by taking it, commits no 
theft, though he may commit criminal misappropriation 
of property, 
(h)A sees a ring belonging to Z lying on a table in Z's 
house.  Not  venturing  to  misappropriate  the ring 
immediately for fear of search and detection, A hides the 
ring in a place where it is highly improbable that it will 
ever be found by Z, with the intention of taking the  ring 
from the hiding place and selling it when the loss is 
forgotten- Here A. at the time of first moving the ring, 
commits theft. 
(i)A delivers his watch to Z, a jeweler, to be regulated, Z 
carries it to his shop. A, not owing to the jeweler any debt 
for which the jeweler might lawfully detain the watch as 
security, enters the shop openly, takes his watch by force 
out of Z's hand, and carries it away. Here A, though he may 
have committed criminal trespass and assault, has not 
committed theft, inasmuch as what he did was not done 
dishonestly. 
(j)If A owes money to Z for repairing the watch, and if Z 
retains the watch lawfully as a security for the debt, and 
A takes the watch out of Zs possession with the intention of 
depriving Z of the property as a security for his debt, 

he commits theft, inasmuch as he takes it dishonestly. 
(k)Again, if A having pawned his watch to Z, takes it out 
of Z's possession without Z's consent, not having paid 
what he borrowed on the watch, he commits theft, though 
the watch is his own property, inasmuch as he takes it 
dishonestly. 
(l)A takes an article belonging to Z out of Z's possession, 
without Z's consent, with the intention of keeping it until he 
obtains money from Z as a reward for its restoration. Here 
A takes dishonestly; A has therefore committed theft. 
(m)A, being on friendly terms with Z, goes in to 
Z's library in Z's absence, and takes away a book without 
Z's express consent, for the purpose merely of reading it, 
and with the intention of returning it. Here, it is probable 
that A may have conceived that he had Z's implied 
consent to use Zs book. If this was A's impression, A has 
not committed theft. 
(n)A asks charity from Z's wife. She gives A money, food, 
and clothes, which A knows to belong to Z, her husband. 
Here, it is probable that A may conceive that Z's wife is 
authorized to give away alms. If this was A's impression, A 
has not committed theft. 
(o)A is the paramour of Z's wife. She gives A valuable 
property which A knows to belong to her husband Z and 
to be such property as she has not authority from Z to 
give. If A takes the property dishonestly, he commits 
theft. 
(p)A in good faith, believing property belonging to Z to 
be A's own property, takes that property out of B's 
possession. Here, as A does not take dishonestly, he docs 
not commit theft. 
Punishment for 
theft. 
Theft of cattle. 
367. 
368. 
Whoever commits theft shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever commits theft- 
(a) of any bull, cow, heifer, or calf or steer, buffalo. 
Of (b) of any fruit, vegetable, or other praedial 

praedial 
products. 
production, or any cultivated root or plant used or 
capable of being used for the food of man or beast, 
or for medicine, distilling, or dyeing, or in the course 
of any manufacture, 
may, in addition to any other punishment for theft, be 
punished with whipping. 
Theft in dwelling 
house, &c. 
Theft by clerk or 
servant of session 
of master. 
Theft after 
preparation made 
for causing death 
or hurt, in order to 
the committing of 
the theft. 
369. 
370. 
371. 
Whoever commits theft in any building, tent, or vessel, 
which building, tent, or vessel is used as a human 
dwelling, or for the custody of property, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever, being a clerk or servant, or being employed in the 
capacity of a clerk or servant, commits theft in respect of 
any property in the possession of his master or employer, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to seven years, and shall also 
be liable to fine. 
Whoever commits theft, having made preparation for 
causing death or hurt or restraint, or fear of death or of 
hurt or of restraint, to any person, in order to the committing 
of such theft, or in order to the effecting of his escape after 
the committing of such theft, or in order to the retaining 
of property taken by such theft, shall be punished  with 
rigorous imprisonment for a term which may extend to ten 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Illustrations 
(a)A commits theft of properly in Z*s possession; and while 
committing this theft, he has a loaded pistol under his garment, 
having provided this pistol for the purpose of hunting Z, in 
case Z should resist. A has committed the offence defined in 
this section. 
(b)A picks Z's pocket, having posted several of his companions near 
him, in order that they may restrain Z, if Z should perceive what 
is passing and should resist or should attempt to apprehend 
A. A has committed the offence defined in this section. 

OF EXTORTION 
"Extortion". 
Punishment for 
extortion. 
Putting person in 
fear of injury in 
order to commit 
extortion . 
Extortion by 
putting Person in 
fear of death or 
grievous hurt. 
Putting person in 
372. 
373. 
374. 
375. 
376. 
Whoever intentionally puts any person in fear of any 
injury to that person or to any other and thereby dishonestly 
induces the person so put in fear to deliver to any person 
any property or valuable security or anything signed or 
sealed which may be converted into a valuable security, 
commits ' extortion '. 
Illustrations 
(a)A threatens to publish a defamatory libel 
concerning Z, unless Z gives him money. He thus induces Z 
to give him money. A has committed extortion. 
(b)A threatens Z that he will keep Z's child in wrongful 
confinement, unless Z will sign and deliver to A  
promissory note binding Z to pay certain moneys to A, Z 
signs and delivers the note. A has committed extortion. 
(c)A, by putting Z in fear of grievous hurt, dishonestly 
induces Z to sign or affix his seal to a blank paper and 
deliver it to A. Z signs and delivers the paper to A. Here, 
as the paper so signed may be converted into a valuable 
security, A has committed extortion. 
Whoever commits extortion shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, in order to the committing of extortion, puts 
any person in fear or attempts to put any person in fear of 
any injury, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Whoever commits extortion by putting any person in fear of 
death or of grievous hurt to that person or to any other shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Whoever, in order to the committing of extortion, puts or 

fear of death or of 
grievous hurt in 
order to commit 
extortion. 
attempts to put any person in fear of death or of grievous 
hurt to that person or to any other, commit shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Extortion by threat 
of accusation of an 
offence punishable 
with death or 
imprisonment for 
ten years, &c. 
Putting person in 
fear of accusation 
of offence in order 
to commit 
extortion. 
377. 
378. 
Whoever commits extortion by putting any person in fear of 
an accusation against that person or any other, of having 
committed or attempted to commit any offence punishable 
with death, or with imprisonment for a term which may 
extend to ten years, or of having attempted to induce any 
other person to commit such offence, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine; and if 
the offence be one punishable under section 365, may be 
punished with rigorous imprisonment for a term which 
may extend to twenty years, and shall also be liable to 
fine. 
Whoever, in order to the Putting person committing of 
extortion, puts or attempts to put any person in fear of any 
accusation against that person or any other of having 
order to committed or attempted to commit an offence 
punishable with death, or with imprisonment for a term 
which may extend to ten years or more, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine, 
and if the offence be punishable under section 365 may be 
punished with rigorous imprisonment which may extend 
to twenty years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
OF ROBBERY 
Robbery. 379. 
When a 
theft is 
'robbery' 
In all robbery there is theft or extortion 
Theft is 'robbery', if, in order to the committing of 
the theft, or in committing the theft, or in carrying 
away or attempting to carry away property obtained by 
the theft, the offender, for that end, voluntarily causes 
or attempts to cause to any person death or hurt or 
wrongful restraint, or fear of instant death or 

When a 
extortion 
is 
'robbery' 
of instant hurt or of instant wrongful restraint. 
Extortion is 'robbery', if the offender, is at the time of 
committing the extortion, is in the presence of the 
person put in fear and commits the extortion by putting 
that person in fear of instant death, of instant hurt, or 
of instant wrongful restraint to that person or to some 
other person, and, by so putting in fear, induces the 
person so put in fear then and there to deliver up the 
thing extorted. 
Explanation 
The offender is said to be present if he is sufficiently near to 
put the other person in fear of instant death, of instant hurt, 
or of instant wrongful restraint. 
Illustrations 
(a)A holds Z down, and fraudulently takes Z's money and 
jewels from Z's clothes, without Z's consent. Here A has 
committed theft, and, in order to the committing of that 
theft, has voluntarily caused wrongful restraint to Z. A 
has therefore committed robbery. 
(b)A meets Z on the high road, shows a pistol, and 
demands Zs purse. Z, in consequence surrenders his 
purse- Here A has extorted the purse from Z by putting 
him in fear of instant hurt, and being at the time of 
committing the extortion in his presence, A has therefore 
committed robbery. 
(c)A meets Z and Zs child on the high road. A takes the 
child and threatens to fling it down a precipice unless Z 
delivers his purse. Z, in consequence, delivers his purse. 
Here A has extorted the purse from Z by causing Z to 
be in fear of instant hurt lo the child who is there present. 
A has therefore committed robbery on Z. 
(d)A obtains property from Z by saying: 'Your child is in 
the hands of my gang, and wilt be put to death unless you 
send us ten thousand rupees '. This is extortion, and 
punishable as such; but it is not robbery, unless Z is put in 
fear of the instant death of his child. 
Punishment for 
robbery . 
380. Whoever commits robbery shall be punished with 
rigorous imprisonment for a term which may extend to 

ten years, and shall also be liable to fine, and if the 
robbery be committed on the highway between sunset and 
sunrise the imprisonment may be extended to fourteen  
years. 
Attempt to commit 381. 
robbery . 
Whoever attempts to commit robbery shall be punished  
with rigorous imprisonment for a term which may extend 
to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
V oluntarily causing 382. 
hurt in committing 
robbery. 
If any person, in committing or in attempting to commit 
robbery, voluntarily causes hurt, such person, and any other 
person jointly concerned in committing or attempting to 
commit such robbery, shall be punished with rigorous 
imprisonment for a term which may extend  to twenty 
years, and shall also be liable to fine or to whipping. 
Robbery with 
attempt to cause 
death or grievous 
hurt. 
383. If, at the time of committing robbery, the offender uses 
any deadly weapon, or causes grievous hurt to any 
person, or attempts to cause death or grievous hurt to any 
person, the imprisonment with which such offender shall be 
punished may be extended to twenty years. 
Attempt to commit 384. 
robbery when 
armed with deadly 
weapon. 
If, at the time of attempting to commit a robbery, the 
offender is armed with any deadly weapon, the 
imprisonment with which such offender shall be punished 
may be extended to twenty years. 
Punishment for 
belonging to a 
wandering gang of 
thieves. 
385. Whoever shall belong to any wandering or other gang of 
persons associated for the purpose of habitually 
committing theft or robbery shall be punished with rigorous 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to seven years, 
and shall also be liable to fine. 
OF CRIMINAL MISAPPROPRIATION OF 
PROPERTY 
Dishonest 
misappropriation 
of property. 
386. Whoever dishonestly misappropriates or converts to his 
own use any movable property shall be punished with 

imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both 
Illustration 
(a)A  takes  property  belonging  to  Z  out  of 
Z*s possession, in good faith believing, at the time when he 
takes it, that the properly belongs to himself. A is not guilty 
of theft; but if A, after discovering his mistake, dishonestly 
appropriates the property to his own use, he is guilty of 
an offence under this section. 
(b)A, being on friendly terms with Z, goes into Z's 
library in Z's absence, and takes away a book without Z's 
express consent. Here, if A was under the impression that 
he had Z's implied consent to take the book for the purpose 
of reading it. A has not committed theft. But if A afterwards 
sells the book for his own benefit, he is guilty of an offence 
under this section. 
(c)A and B being joint owners of a horse, A takes the 
horse out of B's possession, intending to use it. Here as A 
has a right to use the horse, he does not dishonestly 
misappropriate it. But if A sells the horse and 
appropriates the whole proceeds to his own use, he is guilty 
of an offence under this section. 
Explanation I 
A dishonest misappropriation for a time only 
is misappropriation within the meaning of this section. 
Illustration 
A finds a promissory note belonging to Z, payable to 
bearer. A, knowing that the note belongs to Z, pledges it 
with a banker as security for a loan, intending at a future 
time to restore it to Z. A has committed an offence under 
this section. 
Explanation 2 
(i)A person who finds property not in the 
possession of any other person and takes such property 
for the purpose of protecting it for, or of restoring it to, 
the owner, does not take or misappropriate it dishonestly, 
and is not guilty of an offence; but he is guilty of the 

offence above defined if he appropriates it to his own use, 
when he knows or has the means of discovering the 
owner, or before he has used reasonable means to discover 
and give notice to the owner, and has kept the properly a 
reasonable time to enable the owner to claim it. 
(ii)What are reasonable means, or what is a reasonable 
time in such a case, is a question of fact. 
(iii)It is not necessary that the finder should know who is 
the owner of the property, or that any particular person is 
the owner of it; it is sufficient if, at the time of 
appropriating it, he does not believe it to be his own 
property, or in good faith believes that the real owner 
cannot be found. 
Illustration 
(a)A finds a rupee on the high road, not knowing to whom 
the rupee belongs. A picks up the rupee. Here A has not 
committed the offence defined in this section. 
(b)A finds a letter on the road containing a bank note. 
From the direction and contents of the letter he learns to 
whom the note belongs. He appropriates the note. He is 
guilty of an offence under this section. 
(c)A finds a cheque payable to bearer. He can form no 
conjecture as to the person who has lost the cheque. But the 
name of the person who has drawn the cheque appears. 
A knows that this person can direct him to the person in 
whose favour the cheque was drawn. A appropriates the 
cheque without attempting to discover the owner. He is 
guilty of an offence under this section. 
(d)A sees Z drop no purse with money in it. A picks up the 
purse with the intention of restoring it to Z, but afterwards 
appropriates it to his own use. A has committed an 
offence under this section. 
(e)A finds a purse with money not knowing to whom it 
belongs; he afterwards discovers that it belongs to Z, and 
appropriates it to his own use. A is guilty of an offence 
under this section. 
(f)A finds a valuable ring, not knowing to whom it 
belongs. A sells it immediately, without attempting to 

discover the owner. A is guilty of an offence under this 
section. 
Dishonest 
misappropriation 
of property 
possessed by a 
deceased person at 
the time of his 
death. 
387. Whoever dishonestly misappropriates or converts to his  
own use property, knowing that such property was in the 
possession of a deceased person at the time of that 
person's decease, and has not since been in the possession 
of any person legally entitled to such possession, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to 
fine; and if the offender at the time of such  person's 
decease was employed by him as a clerk or  servant, the 
imprisonment may extend to seven years. 
Illustration 
Z dies in possession of furniture and money. His servant 
A, before the money comes into the possession of any 
person entitled 10 such possession, dishonestly 
misappropriates it. A has committed the offence defined in 
this section. 
OF CRIMINAL BREACH OF TRUST 
"Criminal breach 
of trust". 
388. Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or 
with any dominion over property, dishonestly 
misappropriates or converts to his own use that property, 
or dishonestly uses or disposes of that property in 
violation of any direction of law prescribing the mode in 
which such trust is to be discharged, or of any legal contract, 
express or implied, which he has made touching  the 
discharge of such trust, or willfully suffers any other person 
so to do, commits 'criminal breach of trust'. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, being executor to the will of a deceased person, 
dishonestly disobeys the law, which directs him to divide 
the effects according to the will, and appropriates them to 
his own use. A has committed criminal breach of trust. 
(b)A is a warehouse-keeper. Z, going on a journey. 
entrusts his furniture to A, under a contract that it shall 
be 

returned on payment of a stipulated sum for warehouse 
room. A dishonestly sells the goods. A has committed 
criminal breach of trust. 
(c)A, residing in Colombo, is agent for Z, residing in 
England, There is an express or implied contract between A 
and Z that all sums remitted by Z to A shall be Invested by 
A according to Z's direction, Z remits ten thousand rupees 
to A, with directions to A to invest the same on mortgage of 
coffee estates, A dishonestly disobeys the directions, and 
employs the money in his own business. A has committed 
criminal breach of trust. 
(d)But if A, in the last illustration, not dishonestly but in 
good faith, believing that it will be more for Z's 
advantage to hold shares in a company, disobeys Z's 
directions and buys shares in a company in Z's name  
instead of investing the money on mortgage, here, though Z 
should suffer loss, and should be entitled to bring a civil 
action against A on account of that loss, yet A not having  
acted  dishonestly  has  not  committed criminal breach 
of trust. 
(e)A, a revenue officer, is entrusted with public money, 
and is either directed by law or bound by a contract, express 
or implied, with the Government, to pay into a certain 
Kachcheri all the public money which he holds. A 
dishonestly appropriates the money. A has committed 
criminal breach of trust. 
(f)A, a carrier, is entrusted by Z with properly to 
be  carried  by  land  or  by  water.  A 
dishonestly misappropriates the property. A has 
committed criminal breach of trust. 
Punishment for 
criminal breach of 
trust. 
Criminal breach of 
trust by carrier, &c. 
389. 
390. 
Whoever commits criminal breach of trust shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, being entrusted with property as a carrier, 
wharfinger, or warehouse-keeper, commits criminal 
breach of trust in respect of such property, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a 

term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Criminal breach of 
trust by a clerk or 
servant. 
Criminal breach of 
trust by public 
servant, or by 
banker , merchant, 
or agent. 
391. 
392. 
Whoever, being a clerk or servant or employed as a clerk 
or servant, and being trust in any manner entrusted in such 
capacity with property, or with any dominion over property, 
commits criminal breach of trust in respect of that 
property, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, and 
shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or 
with any dominion over property, in his capacity of a public 
servant or in the way of his business, as a banker, merchant, 
factor, broker, attorney, or agent, commits criminal breach 
of trust in respect of that property, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Criminal breach by 392A. 
public servant in 
respect of money 
or balance of 
money. 
Whoever, being entrusted with or having the dominion 
of any money in his capacity as a public servant, fails 
forthwith to pay over or produce, when required to do so 
by the head of his department or by the Secretary or 
Deputy Secretary to the Treasury, Auditor-General, 
Assistant Auditor-General, or any officer specially 
appointed by the Secretary to the Treasury to examine 
the accounts of his department, any money or balance of 
any money shown in the books or accounts or 
statements kept or signed by him to be held by or to be  
due from him as such public servant, or to duly account 
therefore, shall be guilty of the offence of criminal 
breach of trust, and shall on conviction be subject to the 
penalty provided by section 392. 
Criminal breach of 
trust by agent in 
respect of postal 
articles. 
392B. Any person who, acting or purporting to act as the agent 
of any other person, receives from a postal officer any 
postal articles. postal article for delivery to such other 
person and- 
(a)willfully throws away, destroys, keeps, or 
secretes; or 

(b)without reasonable excuse (the burden of 
proving which shall lie upon him) fails duly to 
account for such article, or unduly delays such 
delivery, 
shall be deemed guilty of criminal breach of trust, and 
shall be liable to the punishment prescribed therefore. 
OF THE RECEIVING OF STOLEN PROPERTY 
" Stolen property" . 393. Property, the possession whereof has been transferred by 
theft, or by extortion, or by robbery, or by forgery, or by 
cheating, and property which has been criminally 
misappropriated or in respect of which criminal breach of 
trust has been committed, is designated as 'stolen 
property', whether the transfer has been made, or the 
misappropriation or breach of trust has been committed, 
within or without Sri Lanka. But if such property 
subsequently comes into the possession of a person 
legally entitled to the possession thereof, it then ceases to be 
stolen property. 
Dishonestly 
property. 
Habitually dealing 
in stolen property. 
Assisting in 
concealment of 
Stolen property. 
394. 
395. 
396. 
Whoever dishonestly receives or receiving stolen retains  
any stolen property, knowing or having reason to believe  
the same to be stolen property, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever habitually receives or deals in property which 
he knows or has reason to believe to be stolen property  
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to twenty years, and shall 
also be liable to fine. 
Whoever voluntarily assists in concealing or disposing of or 
making away with property which he knows or has reason 
to believe to be stolen property shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 

Receiving stolen 
cattle or praedial 
products. 
397. If the stolen property referred to in the three preceding 
sections shall be of any of the descriptions mentioned in 
section 368, the offender may, in addition to the 
punishments by the three preceding sections imposed, be 
punished with whipping. 
OF CHEATING 
"Cheating". 
[26, 5 of 2021] 
398. Whoever, by deceiving any person, fraudulently or 
dishonestly induces the person so deceived to deliver any 
property to any person, or to consent that any person shall 
retain any property, or intentionally induces the person so 
deceived to do or omit to do anything which he would not 
do or omit if he were not so deceived, and which act or 
omission causes or is likely to cause damage or harm to that 
person in body, mind, reputation, or property, or damage or 
loss to the Government, is said to 'cheat'. 
Explanation 
A dishonest concealment of facts is a deception within 
the meaning of this section. 
Illustrations 
(a)A, by falsely pretending to be in the Sri Lanka 
Adminstrative Service, intentionally deceives Z, and 
thus dishonestly induces Z to let him have on 
credit goods for which he does not mean to pay. 
A cheats. 
(b)A, by putting a counterfeit mark on an article, 
intentionally deceives Z into a belief that this  
article  was  made  by  a  certain celebrated 
manufacturer, and thus dishonestly induces Z to buy 
and pay for the article. A cheats. 
(c)A, by exhibiting to Z a false sample of an article, 
intentionally deceives Z into believing that the article 
corresponds with the sample, and thereby dishonestly 
induces Z to buy and pay for the article. A cheats. 
(d)A, by tendering in payment for an article a cheque on 
a bank with which A keeps no money, and by which A 
expects that the cheque will be dishonored, intentionally 

deceives Z, and thereby dishonestly induces Z to deliver the 
article, intending not to pay for it. A cheats 
(e)A, by pledging as diamonds articles which he knows are 
not diamonds, intentionally deceives Z, and thereby 
dishonestly induces Z to lend money. A cheats. 
(f)A intentionally deceives Z into a belief that A means 
to repay any money that Z may lend to him, and thereby 
dishonestly induces Z to lend him money, A not intending 
to repay it. A cheats. 
(g)A intentionally deceives Z into a belief that A means 
to deliver 10 Z a certain quantity of copra, which he does 
not intend to deliver, and thereby dishonestly induces Z to 
advance money upon the faith of such delivery. A cheats; 
but if A, at the time of obtaining the money, intends to 
deliver the copra, and afterwards breaks his contract and 
does not deliver it, he does not cheat, but is liable 
only to a civil action for breach of contract. 
(h)A intentionally deceives Z into a belief that A has 
performed A's part of a contract made with Z, which he 
has not performed, and thereby dishonestly induces Z to  
pay money. A cheats. 
(i)A sells and conveys an estate to B. A. knowing that in 
consequence of such sale he has no right to the property, 
sells or mortgages the same to Z without disclosing the 
fact of the previous sale and conveyance to B, and 
receives the purchase or mortgage money from Z. A cheats. 
"cheating by 
personation". 
399. A person is said to 'cheat by personation' if he cheats by 
pretending to be some other person, or by knowingly 
substituting one person for another, or representing that he 
or any other person is a person other than he or such other 
person really is. 
Explanation 
The offence is committed whether the 
individual personated is a real or imaginary person. 
Illustrations 
(a)A cheats 'by pretending to be a certain rich merchant of 

the same name. A cheats by personation. 
(b)A cheats by pretending to be B, a person who is 
deceased. A cheats by personation 
Punishment for 
cheating. 
Cheating with 
knowledge that 
wrongful loss may 
be thereby caused 
to a person whose 
interest the 
offender is bound 
to protect. 
Punishment for 
cheating by 
Personation. 
cheating and 
dishonestly 
inducing a delivery 
of property. 
400. 
401. 
402. 
403. 
Whoever cheats shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to one 
year, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever cheats with the knowledge that he is likely  
thereby to cause wrongful loss to a person, whose interest in 
the transaction to which the cheating relates he was bound 
either by law, or by a legal 'contract, to protect, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to three years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whoever cheats by personation shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both 
Whoever cheats and thereby dishonestly induces the 
person deceived to deliver any property to any person, or 
to make, alter, or destroy the whole or any part of a valuable 
security, or anything which is signed or sealed, and which 
is capable of being converted into a valuable security, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
OF FRAUDULENT DEEDS AND DISPOSITIONS 
OF PROPERTY 
Dishonest or 
fraudulent removal 
or concealment of 
property prevent 
distribution among 
creditors. 
404. Whoever dishonestly or fraudulently removes, conceals, 
or delivers to any person or transfers or causes to be 
transferred to any person, without adequate to  
consideration, any property intending thereby to prevent, 
or knowing if to be likely that he will thereby prevent, the 
distribution of that property according to law among his 

creditors or the creditors of any other person, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Dishonestly or 
fraudulently 
preventing from 
being made 
available for his 
creditors a debt or 
demand due to the 
offender. 
Dishonest or 
fraudulent 
execution of deed 
of transfer 
containing a false 
statement of 
consideration. 
Dishonest or 
fraudulent removal 
or concealment of 
property or release 
of claim. 
405. 
406. 
407. 
Whoever dishonestly or fraudulently prevents any debt or 
demand due to himself or to any other person from being 
made available according to law for payment of his debts 
or the debts of such other person, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever dishonestly or fraudulently signs, executes, or 
becomes a party to any deed or instrument which purports 
to transfer or subject to any charge any property, or any 
interest therein, and which contains any false statement 
relating to the consideration for such transfer or charge, or 
relating to the person or persons for whose use or benefit 
it is really intended to operate, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever dishonestly or fraudulently conceals or removes 
any property of himself or any other person, or 
dishonestly or fraudulently assists in the concealment or 
removal thereof, or dishonestly releases any demand or 
claim to which he is entitled, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
OF MISCHIEF AND ILLEGAL REMOV AL OF WRECKS 
Mischief. 408. Whoever, with intent to cause, or knowing that he is likely 
to cause, wrongful loss or damage to the public or to any 
person, causes the destruction of any property, or any such 
change in any property or in the situation thereof as destroys 
or diminishes its value or utility or affects it injuriously, 
commits 'mischief'. 

Explanation 1 
It is not essential to the offence of mischief that the 
offender should intend to cause loss or damage to the owner 
of the property injured or destroyed. It is sufficient if he 
intends to cause, or knows that he is likely to cause, 
wrongful loss or damage to any person by injuring any 
property, whether it belongs to that person or not. 
Explanation 2 
Mischief may be committed by an act affecting property 
belonging to the person who commits the act, or to that 
person and others jointly. 
Illustrations 
(a)A voluntarily burns a valuable security 
belonging to Z, intending to cause wrongful less to Z. A 
has committed mischief. 
(b)A introduces water into an ice house belonging to Z, 
and thus causes the ice to melt, intending wrongful loss to 
Z. A has committed mischief. 
(c)A voluntarily throws into a river a ring belonging to Z, 
with the intention of thereby causing wrongful loss to Z. 
A has committed mischief. 
(d)A, knowing that his effects are about to be taken in 
execution in order to satisfy a debt due from him to Z, 
destroys those effects, with the intention of thereby 
preventing Z from obtaining satisfaction of the debt, and 
of thus causing damage to Z. A has committed mischief. 
(e)A, having insured a ship voluntarily causes the same to 
be cast away, with the intention of causing damage to the 
underwriters. A has committed mischief. 
(f)A causes a ship to be cast away intending thereby to 
cause damage to Z, who has lent money on bottom on the 
ship. A has committed mischief. 
(g)A, having joint property with Z in a horse, shoots the 
horse, intending thereby to cause wrongful loss to Z. A 
has committed mischief. 
(h)A causes cattle to enter upon a field belonging to Z, 
intending to cause, and knowing that he is likely to cause, 

damage to Z's crop. A has committed mischief. 
Whoever commits mischief shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three months, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever commits mischief and thereby causes loss or 
damage to the amount of fifty rupees or upwards shall be 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to of fifty two years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Mischief by killing 411. 
or maiming any 
animal of the value 
of ten rupees. 
Whoever commits mischief by killing, poisoning, 
maiming, or rendering useless any animal or animals of 
the value of ten rupees or upwards shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Mischief by injury 
to works of 
irrigation by wrong 
fully divert water. 
Mischief by injury 
to works of 
irrigation or by 
wrongfully 
diverting water. 
Mischief by injury 
to public road, 
bridge, or river. 
412. 
413. 
414. 
Whoever commits mischief by killing, poisoning, maiming, 
or rendering useless, any elephant, camel,- horse, ass, 
mule, buffalo, bull, cow, or ox, whatever may be the value 
thereof, or any other animal of the value of fifty rupees or 
upwards, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to five years, or 
with fine, or with both. 
Whoever commits mischief by doing any act which 
causes, or which he knows to be likely to cause, a 
diminution of the supply of water for agricultural 
purposes, or for food or drink for human beings, or for 
animals which are property, or for cleanliness, or for 
carrying, on any manufacture, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to five years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever commits mischief by doing any act which renders, 
or which he knows to be likely to render, any public road, 
bridge navigable river, or navigable channel, natural or 
artificial, impassable or less safe for traveling or conveying 
property, shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to five 
Punishment for 
committing 
mischief.  
  
Committing 
mischief and 
thereby causing 
damage to the 
amount of fifty 
rupees. 
409.  
  
  
  
   
410.

years, or with fine, or with both. 
Mischief by 
causing inundation 
or obstruction to 
public drainage 
attended with 
damage. 
Mischief by 
destroying or 
moving or 
rendering less 
useful a lighthouse 
or seamark. 
Mischief by 
destroying or 
moving, &c, a 
landmark fixed by 
authority of a 
public servant. 
Mischief by fire or 
explosive 
substance with 
intent to cause 
damage to the 
amount of one 
hundred rupees. 
Mischief by fire or 
explosive 
substance with 
intent to destroy a 
house, &c. 
415. 
416. 
417. 
418. 
419. 
Whoever commits mischief by doing any act which 
causes, or which he knows to be likely to cause, an 
inundation or an obstruction to any public drainage attended 
with injury or damage, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to five 
years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever commits mischief by destroying or moving any 
lighthouse or other light used as a seamark, or any 
seamark or buoy or other thing placed as a guide for 
navigators, or by any act which renders any such  
lighthouse, seamark, buoy, or other such thing as 
aforesaid less useful as a guide for navigators, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Whoever commits mischief by destroying or moving any 
landmark fixed by the authority of a public servant, or by 
any act which renders such landmark less useful as such, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Whoever commits mischief by fire or any explosive 
substance, intending to cause, or knowing it to be likely that 
he will thereby cause, damage to any property to the amount 
of one hundred rupees or upwards, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever commits mischief by fire or any explosive 
substance, intending to cause, or knowing it to be likely that 
he will thereby cause, the destruction of any building which 
is ordinarily used as a place of worship or as a  human 
dwelling or as a place for the custody of property, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to fifteen years, and shall 

also be liable to fine. 
Mischief with 
intent to destroy or 
make unsafe a 
decked vessel or a 
vessel of a burden 
often . 
420. Whoever commits mischief to any decked vessel or any 
vessel of a burden of ten tons or upwards, intending to 
destroy or render unsafe, or knowing it to be likely that he 
will thereby destroy or render unsafe, that vessel, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
upwards term which may extend to ten years, and shall 
also be liable to fine. 
Punishment for the 421. 
mischief described 
in the last section 
when committed 
by fire or any 
explosive 
substance. 
Whoever commits or attempts to commit by fire or any 
explosive substance such mischief as is described in the last 
preceding section shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to twenty 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Punishment for 
intentionally 
running vessel 
aground or ashore 
with intent to 
commit theft, &c. 
Punishment for 
impeding the 
saving of a vessel . 
Punishment for 
removing or 
secreting wreck. 
422. 
423. 
424. 
Whoever intentionally runs any vessel aground or ashore, 
intending to commit theft of any property contained therein, 
or to dishonestly misappropriate any such property, or 
with intent that such theft or misappropriation of property 
may be committed, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to ten years, 
and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever, without lawful excuse, endeavors in any way to 
prevent or impede the saving of any vessel stranded or in 
danger of being stranded or otherwise in distress on or 
near the shore of any sea or tidal water, or any part of the 
cargo or apparel of such vessel or any wreck, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to five years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever illegally carries away or removes any part of 
any vessel stranded or in danger or being stranded or 
otherwise in distress on or near the shore of any sea or 
tidal water, or any part of the cargo or apparel thereof or  
any wreck, and whoever illegally secretes any wreck or 
obliterates  or  defaces  any  marks  thereon,  shall  be 

punished with imprisonment of either description which 
may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 
Taking wreck into 
foreign port . 
425. Whoever illegally takes into any foreign port or place any 
vessel stranded or derelict or otherwise in distress on or  
near the seashore or the shore of any tidal water of Sri 
Lanka, or any part of the cargo or apparel thereof, or 
anything belonging thereto or any wreck found on or near 
such seashore or shore aforesaid, and there sells the same, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to five years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Explanation 
The word wreck used in sections 423, 424, and 425 
includes jetsam, flotsam, lagan, and derelict. 
Mischief 
committed after 
preparation made 
for causing death 
or hurt. 
426. Whoever commits mischief, having made preparation for 
causing to any person death or hurt or wrongful restraint, or 
fear of death or of hurt or of wrongful restraint, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to five years, and shall also be liable to 
fine. 
OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 
" Criminal trespass 427. 
". 
Whoever enters into or upon property in the occupation of 
another with intent to commit an offence, or to intimidate, 
insult, or annoy any person in occupation of such 
property, 
or having lawfully entered into or upon such property 
unlawfully remains there with intent thereby to 
intimidate, insult, or annoy any such person, or with 
intent to commit an offence, is said to commit 'criminal 
trespass'. 
"House-trespass " . 428. Whoever commits criminal trespass by entering- into or 
remaining in any building, tent, or vessel used as a human 
dwelling, or any building used as a place for worship or 
as a place for the custody of property, is said to commit 

'house-trespass'. 
Explanation 
The introduction of any part of the criminal trespasser's body in - 
entering is sufficient to constitute house-trespass. 
" Lurking house- 
trespass " . 
"Lurking house- 
trespass by night ". 
429. 
430. 
Whoever commits house-trespass, having taken precautions 
to conceal such house-trespass from some person who has a 
right to exclude or eject the trespasser from the building, 
tent, or vessel which is the subject of the trespass, is said 
to commit 'lurking house-trespass'. 
Whoever commits lurking after sunset and before sunrise 
is house-trespass said to commit 'lurking house-trespass 
by night' 
"House- breaking". 431. A person is said to commit 'house-breaking' who commits 
house-trespass if he effects his entrance into the house or 
any part of it in any of the six ways hereinafter described; 
or if, being in the house or any part of it for the purpose 
of committing an offence, or having committed an 
offence therein, he quits the house or any part of it in any of 
such six ways, that is to say- 
Firstly- he enters or quits through a passage made by 
himself, or by any abettor of the house-trespass, in 
order to the committing of the house-trespass; 
Secondly- if he enters or quits through any passage not 
intended by any person, other than himself or an 
abettor of the offence, for human entrance; or 
through any passage to which he has obtained access 
by scaling or climbing over any wall or building; 
Thirdly- if he enters or quits through any passage 
which he or any abettor of the house-trespass has 
opened, in order to the committing of the house- 
trespass, by any means by which that passage was 
not intended by the occupier of the house to be  
opened; 
Fourthly- if he enters or quits by opening any lock in 
order to the committing of the house-trespass, or in 
order to the quitting of the house after a house- 
trespass; 

Fifthly- if he effects his entrance or departure by using 
criminal force or committing an assault or by 
threatening any person with assault; 
Sixthly- if he enters or quits by any passage which 
he knows to have been fastened against such 
entrance or departure and to have been unfastened 
by himself or by an abettor of the house-trespass. 
Explanation 
Any outhouse or building occupied with a house, and 
between which and such house there is an immediate 
internal communication, is part of the house within the 
meaning of this section 
Illustration 
(a)A commits house-trespass by making a hole through the 
wall of Z's house and putting his hand through the aperture. 
This is house-breaking. 
(b)A commits house-trespass by creeping into a ship at a 
port-hole between decks. This is house-breaking. 
(c)A commits house-trespass by entering Z's house 
through a window. This is house-breaking. 
(d)A commits house-trespass by entering Z's house 
through the door, having opened a door which was fastened. 
This is house-breaking. 
(e)A commits house-trespass by entering Z's house 
through the door, having lifted a latch by putting a wire 
through a hole in the door. This is house-breaking. 
(f)A finds the key of Z's house-door, which Z had lost, 
and commits house-trespass by entering Z's house, having 
opened the door with that key. This is house-breaking 
(g)Z is standing in his doorway. A forces a passage by 
knocking Z down, and commits house-trespass by 
entering the house. This is house-breaking. 
(h)Z, the door-keeper of Y , is standing in Y's doorway, A 
commits house-trespass by entering the house, having 
deterred Z from opposing him by threatening to beat him. 
This is house-breaking. 

"House-breaking 
by night". 
Punishment for 
criminal trespass. 
Punishment for 
house-trespass . 
House-trespass in 
order to the 
commission of an 
offence punishable 
with death. 
House-trespass in 
order to the 
commission of an 
offence punishable 
with imprisonment 
for ten years or 
more. 
House-trespass in 
order to the 
commission of an 
offence punishable 
with imprisonment 
for less than ten 
years. 
House-trespass 
after preparation 
made for causing 
hurt to any person. 
432. 
433. 
434. 
435. 
436. 
437. 
438. 
Whoever commits house-breaking after sunset 
and before sunrise is said to commit ' house- 
breaking by night '. 
Whoever commits criminal trespass shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three months, or with fine which may 
extend to one hundred rupees, or with both. 
Whoever commits, house-trespass, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one year, or with fine which may extend to one 
thousand rupees, or with both. 
Whoever commits house-trespass in order to the  
committing of any offence punishable with death shall be 
punished with rigorous imprisonment for a term not 
exceeding twenty years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever commits house-trespass in order to the committing 
of any offence punishable with imprisonment for ten years 
or more shall be punished with imprisonment of  either 
description for a term not exceeding ten years, and shall 
also be liable to fine. 
Whoever commits house-trespass in order to the committing 
of any offence punishable with imprisonment for less than 
ten years shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, and 
shall also be liable to fine; and if the offence intended to be 
committed is theft, the term of the imprisonment may be 
extended to seven years. 
Whoever commits house-trespass having made 
preparation for causing hurt to any person or for 
assaulting any person, or for wrongfully restraining any 
person, or for putting any person in fear of hurt or of assault 
or of wrongful restraint, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 

extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Punishment for 
lurking house- 
trespass or house- 
breaking. 
Lurking house- 
trespass or house- 
breaking in order 
to the commission 
of an offence 
punishable with 
imprisonment. 
Lurking house- 
trespass or house- 
breaking after 
preparation made 
for causing hurt to 
any person. 
Punishment for 
lurking house- 
trespass by night or 
house breaking by 
night . 
Lurking house- 
trespass by night or 
house- breaking by 
night in order to the 
commission of an 
offence 
punishable . 
Lurking house- 
trespass by night or 
439. 
440. 
441. 
442. 
443. 
444. 
Whoever commits lurking house-trespass or house-  
breaking shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to two years, and 
shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever commits lurking house-trespass or house-  
breaking in order to the committing of any offence 
punishable with imprisonment shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine; and 
if the offence intended to be committed is theft, the term 
of the imprisonment may be extended to ten years. 
Whoever commits lurking house-trespass or house- 
breaking, having made preparation for causing hurt to any 
person, or for assaulting any person, or for wrongfully 
restraining any person, or for putting any person in fear of 
hurt or of assault or of wrongful restraint, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Whoever commits lurking house-trespass by night or house-
breaking by night shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to three 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever commits lurking house-trespass by night or house-
breaking by night, in order to the committing of any 
offence punishable with imprisonment, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to years, and shall also be liable to fine; and 
if the offence intended to be committed is theft, the term 
of imprisonment may be with imprisonment extended to 
fourteen years. 
Whoever commits lurking house-trespass by night or  
house-breaking by night, having made preparation for 

house night after 
preparation made 
for causing hurt to 
any person. 
causing breaking by hurt to any person, or for assaulting  
any person, or for wrongfully restraining any person, or 
for putting any person in fear of hurt of assault or of 
wrongful restraint, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of any person either description for a term which may 
extend to fourteen years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Grievous hurt 
caused whilst 
committing lurking 
house- trespass or 
house- breaking. 
All persons jointly 
concerned in house 
trespass by night or 
house-breaking by 
night to be 
punishable for 
death or grievous 
hurt caused by one 
of their number. 
Dishonestly 
breaking open any 
closed receptacle 
containing or 
supposed to 
property. 
Punishment for 
same offence when 
committed by 
person entrusted 
with custody. 
Unlawful 
possession of 
house-breaking 
445. 
446. 
447. 
448. 
449. 
Whoever, whilst committing lurking house-trespass or 
house-breaking, causes grievous hurt to any person or 
attempts to cause death or grievous hurt to any person, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to twenty years, and shall also 
be liable to fine, or to whipping. 
If, at the time of the committing of lurking house-trespass 
by night or house-breaking by night any person guilty of 
such offence shall voluntarily cause or attempt to cause 
death or grievous hurt to any person, every person jointly 
concerned in committing such lurking house-trespass by 
night or house-breaking by night shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to twenty years and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever dishonestly, or with intent to commit mischief, 
breaks open or unfastens any closed receptacle which 
contains or which he believes to contain property, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, being entrusted with any closed receptacle 
which contains or which he believes to contain property, 
without having authority to open the same, dishonestly, or 
with intent to commit mischief breaks open or unfastens  
that receptacle, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to three 
years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever is found having in his custody or possession 
without lawful excuse, the proof of which lies on him, 

instrument or being 
armed with 
offensive weapon. 
[27, 5 of 2021] 
any instrument of house-breaking, or being armed with 
any dangerous or offensive weapon with intent to commit 
any unlawful act, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to two years, 
or with fine, or with both, and such instrument or weapon 
shall be forfeited to the State. 
Being found in a 
building , &c., for 
unlawful purpose . 
Loitering about by 
reputed thief. 
450. 
451. 
Whoever is found in or upon any building or enclosure 
for any unlawful purpose, and whoever is found in or 
upon any building or enclosure and fails to give a 
satisfactory account of himself, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three months, or with a fine not exceeding fifty 
rupees, or with both. 
Whoever, being a reputed thief, loiters or lurks about any 
public place or any wharf or warehouse or any vessel in any 
harbour or other water with intent to commit theft or any 
other unlawful act shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to three 
months, or with a fine not exceeding fifty rupees, or with 
both. 
CHAPTER XVIII 
OF OFFENCES RELATING TO DOCUMENTS. PROPERTY- 
MARKS, CURRENCY NOTES AND BANK NOTES 
Forgery . 
Making a false 
document. 
452. 
453. 
Whoever makes any false document or part of a document 
with intent to cause damage or injury to the public or to 
any person, or to the Government, or to support any claim 
or title, or to cause any person to part with property, or to 
enter into any express or implied contract, or with intent 
to commit fraud, or that fraud may be committed, 
commits forgery. 
A person is said to make a false document- 
Firstly- who dishonestly or fraudulently makes, 
signs, seals, or executes a document or part of a 
document, or makes any mark denoting the 
execution  of  a  document,  with  the  intention  of 

causing it to be believed that such document or part 
of a document was made, signed, sealed, or 
executed, by or by the authority of a person by 
whom or by whose authority he knows that it was 
not made, signed, sealed, or executed, or at a time at 
which he knows that it was not made, signed, sealed, 
or executed; or 
Secondly- who, without lawful authority, dishonestly 
or fraudulently, by cancellation or otherwise, alters a 
document in any material part thereof, after it has been 
made or executed either by himself or by any other  
person, whether such person be living or dead at the 
time of such alteration; or 
Thirdly- who dishonestly or fraudulently causes any 
person to sign, seal, execute, or alter a document, 
knowing that such person by reason of unsoundness of 
mind or intoxication cannot, or that by reason of 
deception practiced upon him he does not, know the 
contents of the document or the nature of the alteration. 
Illustrations 
(a)A has a letter of credit upon B for rupees 10,000, 
written by Z. A, in order to defraud B, adds a cipher to 
the 10,000 and makes the sum 100,000, intending that it 
may be believed by B that Z so wrote the letter. A has 
committed forgery 
(b)A, without Z's authority, affixes Z's seal to a document 
purporting to be a conveyance of an estate from Z to A, 
what the intention of selling the estate B, and thereby of 
obtaining from B the purchase money. A has committed 
forgery. 
(c)A picks up a cheque on a banker signed by B, payable to 
bearer, but without any sum having been preserved in the 
cheque. A fraudulently fills up His cheque by inserting 
the sum of ten thousand rupees. A commits forgery- 
(d)A leaves with B, his agent, a cheque on a banker,  
signed by A, without inserting the sum payable, and 
authorizes B to fill up the cheque by inserting a sum not 

exceeding ten thousand rupees for the purpose of making 
certain payments. B fraudulently Fills up the cheque 
by  inserting  the  sum  of  twenty  thousand  rupees. 
B commits forgery. 
(e)A draws a bill of exchange on himself in the name of 
B without B's authority, intending to discount it as a 
genuine bill with a banker, and intending to take up the 
bit! on its maturity. Here, as A draws the bill with intent 
to deceive the banker by leading him to suppose that he had 
the security of B, and thereby to discount the bill, A is 
guilty of forgery. 
(f)Z's will contains these words: ' I direct that all my 
remaining property be equally divided between A, B, and 
C'. A dishonestly scratches out B's name, intending that it 
may be believed that the whole was left to himself and C. A 
has committed forgery. 
(g)A endorses a promissory note and makes it payable to Z 
or his order, by writing on the note the words ' Pay to Z or 
his order ', and signing the endorsement. B dishonestly 
erases the words 'Pay to Z or his order', and thereby 
converts the special endorsement into a blank endorsement. 
B commits forgery. 
(h)A sells and conveys an estate to Z. A afterwards, in 
order to defraud Z of his estate executes a conveyance of 
the same estate to B, dated six months earlier than the 
date of the conveyance to Z, intending it to be believed 
that he had conveyed the estate to B before he conveyed 
it to Z. A has committed forgery. 
(i)Z dictates his will to A. A intentionally writes down a 
different legatee from the legatee named by Z, and, by 
representing to Z that he has prepared the will according 
to his instructions, induces Z to sign the will. A has 
committed forgery. 
(j)A writes a letter and signs it with B's name without B's 
authority, certifying that A is a man of good character and in 
distressed circumstances from unforeseen misfortune, 
intending by means of such letter to obtain alms from Z and 
other persons. Here, as A made a false document in  
order  to  induce  Z  to  part  with  property,  A 

has committed forgery 
(k)A without B's authority writes a letter and signs it in 
B's name, certifying to A's character, intending thereby to 
obtain employment under Z. A has committed forgery, 
inasmuch as he intended to deceive Z by the forged 
certificate and thereby to induce Z to enter into an 
expressed or implied contract for service. 
Explanation I 
A man's signature of his own name may amount to 
forgery. 
Illustrations 
(a)A signs his own name to a bill of exchange, intending 
that it may be believed that the bill was drawn by another 
person of the same name. A has committed forgery 
(b)A writes the word ' accepted ' on a piece of paper and 
signs it with Z's name, in order that B may afterwards write 
on the paper a bill of exchange drawn by B upon Z, and  
negotiate the bill as though it had been accepted by 
Z. A is guilty of forgery; and if B knowing the fact draws 
the bill upon the paper pursuant to A's intention, B is 
also guilty of forgery. 
(c)A picks up a bill of exchange payable to the order of a 
different person of the same name. A endorses the bill in his 
own name intending to cause it to be believed that it was 
endorsed by the person to whose order it was payable; 
here A has committed forgery. 
(d)A purchases an estate sold under execution of a decree 
against B. B, after the seizure of the estate, in collusion  
with Z, executes a lease of the estate to Z at a nominal 
rent and for a long period, and dates the lease six months 
prior to the seizure, with intent to defraud A and to cause 
it to be believed that the lease was granted before 
the seizure. B. though he executes the lease in his own 
name, commits forgery by ante-dating it. 
(e)A, a trader, in anticipation of insolvency, lodges 
effects with B for A's benefit, and with intent to 
defraud his creditors, and in order to give a color to the 
transaction writes a promissory note binding himself to 

pay to B a sum for value received, and ante-dates the 
note, intending that it may be believed to have been made 
before A was on the point of insolvency. A has committed 
forgery under the first head of the definition. 
Explanation 2 
The making of a false document  in the name of a 
fictitious person, Intending it to be believed that the 
document was made by a real person, or in the name of a 
deceased person, intending it to be believed that the 
document was made by the person in his lifetime, may 
amount to forgery. 
Illustration 
A draws a bill of exchange upon a fictitious person, and 
fraudulently accepts the bill in the name of such fictitious 
person with intent to negotiate it. A commits forgery. 
Punishment for 
forgery . 
454. Whoever commits forgery shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to five years, or with fine, or with both. 
Forgery of a record 455. 
of a Court of 
Justice or of a 
public register of 
births, &c. 
Whoever forges a document purporting to be a record or 
proceeding of or in a Court of Justice, or a register of 
birth, baptism, marriage, or burial, or a register kept by a 
public servant as such, or a certificate or document 
purporting to be made by a public servant in his official 
capacity, or an authority to institute or defend a suit, or to 
take any proceedings therein, or to confess Judgment, or a 
power of attorney, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to seven 
years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Forgery of a 
valuable security 
or will. 
456. Whoever forges a document which purports to be a valuable 
security or a will, or which purports to give authority to any 
person to make or transfer any valuable security, or to 
receive the principal, interest, or dividends thereon, or to 
receive or deliver any money, movable property, or valuable 
security, or any document purporting to be an a quittance or 
receipt acknowledging the payment of money, or an a 
quittance or receipt for the delivery of  any  movable  
property  or  valuable  security, shall  be 

punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to twenty years, and shall also be liable 
to fine. 
Forgery for the 
purpose of 
cheating . 
" A forged 
document" . 
Using as genuine a 
forged document. 
Making or 
possessing a 
counterfeit seal, 
plate, &c. with 
intent to commit a 
forgery punishable 
under section 456. 
Making or 
possessing a 
counterfeit seal, 
plate, &c. with 
intent to commit a 
forgery punishable 
otherwise. 
Having possession 
457. 
458. 
459. 
460. 
461. 
462. 
Whoever commits forgery, intending that the document 
forged shall be used for the purpose of cheating, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
A false document made wholly or in part by forgery is 
designated ' a forged document'. 
Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly uses as genuine any 
document which he knows or has reason to believe to be a 
forged document shall be punished in the same manner as 
if he had forged such document. 
Whoever makes or counterfeits any seal, plate, or other 
instrument for making an impression, intending that the 
same shall be used for the purpose of committing any 
forgery which would be punishable under section 456, or 
with such intent has in his possession any such seal, plate, 
or other instrument, knowing the same to be counterfeit, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also 
be liable to fine. 
Whoever makes or counterfeits any seal, plate, or other 
instrument for making an impression, intending that the 
same shall be used for the purpose of committing any 
forgery which would be punishable under any section of 
this Chapter other than section 456, or with such intent 
has in his possession any such seal, plate, or other 
instrument, knowing the same to be counterfeit, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term 
which may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to 
fine. 
Whoever has in his possession any document, knowing 

of a forged record 
or valuable 
security or will 
known to be 
forged, with intent 
to use it as 
genuine. 
the same to be forged, and intending that the same shall 
fraudulently or dishonestly be used as genuine, shall, if 
the document is one of the description mentioned in 
section 455, be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to seven years, and 
shall also be liable to fine; and if the document is one  of 
the description mentioned in section 456, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Counterfeiting a 
device or mark 
used for 
authenticating 
documents 
described in 
section 456, or 
possessing 
counterfeit marked 
material. 
Counterfeiting a 
device or mark 
used for 
authenticating 
documents other 
than those 
described in 
section 456, or 
possessing 
counterfeit marked 
material. 
Sending false 
message by 
telegraph. 
463. 
464. 
465. 
Whoever counterfeits upon or in the substance of any 
material any device or mark used for the purpose of 
authenticating any document described in section 456, 
intending that such device or mark shall be used for the 
purpose of giving the appearance of authenticity to any 
document then forged or thereafter to be forged on such 
material, or who with such intent has in his possession 
any material upon or in the substance of which any such 
device or mark has been counterfeited, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever counterfeits upon or in the substance of any 
material any device or mark used for the purpose of 
authenticating any document other than the documents 
described in section 456, intending that such device or mark 
shall be used for the purpose of giving the appearance of 
authenticity to any document then forged or thereafter to 
be forged on such material, or who with such intent has in 
his possession any material, upon or in the substance of 
which any such device or mark has been counterfeited, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
Whoever knowingly causes to be transmitted by telegraph 
or tenders to any public officer employed in the Posts or 
Telecommunications Department for transmission any false 
message with intent to defraud, injure, or annoy any person, 
or to spread any false rumor, which may be 

detrimental to the Government or the interests of the 
public shall be punished with imprisonment of either 
description for a term which may extend to one year, or  
with fine, or with both. 
Fraudulent 
cancellation, 
destruction, &c, of 
a will. 
Falsification of 
accounts. 
466. 
467. 
Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly, or with intent to cause 
damage or injury to the public or to any person, cancels,  
destroys, injures, or defaces, or attempts to cancel, 
destroy, injure, or deface, or secretes or attempts to 
secrete any document which is or purports to be a will, or 
any valuable security, or any record, register, book, or 
document kept by any public servant in his capacity  as 
such or by any person in pursuance of any enactment, or 
commits mischief in respect to such record, register, 
book, or document, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to 
seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever, being a clerk, officer, or servant, or being 
employed or acting in the capacity of a clerk, officer, or 
servant, willfully and with intent to defraud destroys, 
alters, mutilates, or falsifies any book, paper, writing, 
valuable security, or account which belongs to or is in the 
possession of his employer, or has been received by him 
for or on behalf of his employer, or wilfully and with 
intent to defraud makes or abets the making of any false 
entry in, or omits or alters or abets the omission or  
alteration of any material particular from or in any such 
book, paper, writing, valuable security, or account, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to seven years, or with fine, or 
with both. 
Explanation 
It shall be sufficient in any charge under this section to 
allege a general intent to defraud without naming any 
particular person intended to be defrauded, or specifying 
any particular sum of money intended to be the subject of 
the fraud or any particular day on which the offence 
was committed. 
Possession of any 468. (1)Whoever without lawful authority or excuse, the proof 

imitation of any 
currency not bank 
note or coin. 
[28, 5 of 2021] 
whereof shall lie on the person accused, shall have in his 
possession any imitation of any currency note, bank note 
or coin which is lawfully current in Sri Lanka or in any 
foreign country shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be 
liable to imprisonment of either description for any period 
not exceeding two years, or to fine, or to both. 
(2)For the purposes of this section the expression 
'imitation' includes cotton, silk, or other woven goods 
impressed with designs in imitation of any currency note, 
bank note or coin lawfully current in Sri Lanka or in any 
foreign country. 
OF PROPERTY-MARKS 
Property-mark. 
" Using a false 
property- mark". 
Punishment for 
using a false 
property-mark with 
intent to deceive or 
injure any person. 
Counterfeiting a 
property-mark used 
by another with 
intent to cause 
damage or , injury. 
Counterfeiting 
469. 
470. 
471. 
472. 
473. 
A mark used for denoting that movable property belongs 
to a particular person is called a property-mark. 
Whoever marks any movable property or goods, or any 
case, package, or other receptacle containing movable 
property or goods, or uses any case, package, or other 
receptacle having any mark thereon, with the intention of 
causing it to be believed that the property or goods so 
marked, or any property or goods contained in any case, 
package, or other receptacle so marked, belong to a 
person to whom they do not belong, is said to ' use a false 
property-mark '. 
Whoever uses any false property-mark with intent to 
deceive or injure any person shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, with intent to cause damage or injury to the  
public or to any person, knowingly counterfeits any 
property-mark used by any other person shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever, with intent to cause damage or injury to the 

property-mark used 
by a public servant, 
or any mark used 
by him to denote 
the manufacture, 
quality. &c, of any 
property. 
public or to any person, knowingly counterfeits any 
property-mark used by a public servant, or any mark used 
by a public servant to denote that any property has been 
manufactured by a particular person or at a particular time 
or place, or that the same is of a particular quality, or has 
passed through a particular office, or that it is entitled to  
any exemption, or uses as genuine any such mark 
knowing the same to be counterfeit, shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine. 
Fraudulent making 
or having 
possession of any 
die, pate, or other 
instrument for 
counterfeiting any 
public or private 
property-mark. 
Knowingly selling 
goods marked with 
a counterfeit 
property-mark. 
Fraudulently 
474. 
475. 
476. 
Whoever makes or has in his possession any die, plate, or 
other instrument for the purpose of making or counterfeiting 
any public or private property-mark with intent to use the 
same for the purpose of counterfeiting such mark or has in 
his possession any such property- mark with intent that 
the same shall be used for the purpose of denoting that 
any goods or merchandise were made or manufactured by 
any particular person or firm by whom they were not made, 
or at a time or place at which they were not made, or that 
they are of a particular quality of which they are not, or that 
they belong to a person to whom they do not belong, shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to three years, or with fine, or with 
both. 
Whoever sells any goods with a counterfeit property- 
mark, whether public or private, affixed to or impressed 
upon the same or upon any case, wrapper, or property- 
mark. receptacle in which such goods are packed or 
contained, knowing that such mark is forged or 
counterfeit, or that the same has been affixed to or 
impressed upon any goods or merchandise not  
manufactured or made by the person or at the time or 
place indicated by such mark, or that they are not of the 
quality indicated by such mark, with intent to deceive, 
injure, or damage any person, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one year or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever fraudulently makes any false marks upon any 

making a false 
mark upon any 
package or 
receptacle 
containing goods. 
package or receptacle containing goods, with intent to cause 
any public servant or any other person to believe that 
such package or receptacle contains goods which it does not 
contain, or that it does not contain goods which it does 
contain, or that the goods contained in such package or 
receptacle are of a nature or quality different from the real 
nature or quality thereof, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to three years, or with fine, or with both. 
Punishment for 
making use of any 
such false mark. 
Defacing any 
property-mark with 
intent to cause 
injury. 
477. 
478. 
Whoever fraudulently makes use of any such false mark 
with intent last aforesaid, knowing such mark to be false, 
shall be punished in the manner mentioned in the last 
preceding section. 
Whoever removes, destroys, or defaces any property- mark, 
intending or knowing it to be likely that he may thereby 
cause injury to any person, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to one year, or with fine, or with both. 
OF CURRENCY NOTES AND BANK NOTES 
Counterfeiting 
currency notes or 
bank notes. 
[29, 5 of 2021] 
478A. (1)Whoever forges or counterfeits, or knowingly 
performs any part of the process of forging or 
counterfeiting, any currency note or bank note shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to twenty years and shall also 
be liable to fine. 
(2)For the purposes of this section and of sections 
478B, 478C, and 478D- 
(a)'bank note' means a promissory note or 
engagement for the payment of money to bearer on 
demand issued by any person carrying on the 
business of banking in any part of the world, or 
issued by or under the authority of any state, or 
sovereign power and intended to be used as 
equivalent to, or as a substitute for, money; 
'currency note' means a currency note issued under 

the Currency Ordinance, No. 21 of 1941, or under the 
Monetary Law Act (Chapter 422), or any enactment 
in operation for the time being relating to the issue 
of paper currency in Sri Lanka and includes any note 
of a similar character, by whatever name called, 
issued by or on behalf of the Government of any 
foreign State. 
Using as genuine 
forged or 
counterfeit 
currency note or 
bank note. 
Possession of 
forged or 
counterfeit 
currency notes . 
[3, 12 of 2002] 
Making or 
possessing 
instrument or 
materials for 
forging or 
counterfeiting 
currency notes or 
bank notes. 
[3, 19 of 1941] 
478B. 
478C. 
478D. 
Whoever sells to, or buys or receives from any other 
person or otherwise traffics in or uses as genuine, any 
forged or counterfeit currency note or bank note, 
knowing or having reason to believe the same to be forged 
or counterfeit, shall be punished with imprisonment of 
either description for a term which may extend to twenty 
years and shall also be liable to fine. 
Whoever has in his possession any forged or counterfeit 
currency note or bank note, knowing or having reason to 
believe the same to be forged or counterfeit Or bank notes. 
and intending to use the same as genuine, or that it may 
be used as genuine, shall be punished with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to 
twenty years or with fine or with both. 
CHAPTER XIX[Repealed] 
Whoever makes, or performs any part of the process of 
making, or buys or sells, or disposes of, or has in his 
possession, any machinery, instrument or material for 
the purpose of being used, or knowing or having reason 
to believe that it is intended to be used, for forging or 
counterfeiting any currency note or bank note, shall be 
punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to twenty years and shall also be 
liable to fine. 
CHAPTER XX 
OF CRIMINAL INTIMIDATION, INSULT, AND ANNOYANCE 
Criminal 483. Whoever threatens another with any injury to his person, 

intimidation . reputation, or property, or to the person or reputation of 
any one in whom that person is interested, with intent to 
cause alarm to that person, or to cause that person to do 
any act which he is not legally bound to do, or to omit to 
do any act which that person is legally entitled to do, as 
the means of avoiding the execution of such threat, commits 
criminal intimidation. 
Explanation 
A threat to injure the reputation of any deceased person 
in whom the person threatened is interested is within this 
section 
Illustration 
A,  for  the  purpose  of  inducing  B  to  desist 
from prosecuting a civil suit, threatens to burn B's house. A 
is guilty of criminal intimidation 
Intentional insult 
with intent to 
provoke a breach 
of the peace. 
Circulating false 
report with intent 
to cause mutiny or 
an offence against 
the Republic. 
[30, 5 of 2021] 
484. 
485. 
Whoever intentionally insults and thereby gives provocation 
to any person, intending or knowing it to be likely that such 
provocation will cause him to break the public peace, or to 
commit any other offence, shall be punished  with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Whoever circulates or publishes any statement, rumor, or 
report which he knows to be false, with intent to cause 
any officer, soldier, sailor, or airman in the Army, Navy, 
or Air Force of the Republic to mutiny, or with intent to 
cause fear or alarm to the public, and thereby to induce 
any person to commit an offence against the Republic or 
against the public tranquility, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, or with fine, or with both. 
Punishment for 
criminal 
intimidation. 
486. 
If threat 
be to 
Whoever commits the offence of criminal intimidation shall 
be punished with imprisonment of either description for a 
term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with 
both; 
and if the threat be to cause death or grievous hurt, or to 
cause the destruction of any property by fire, or to cause 

cause 
death or 
grievous 
hurt, &c. 
an offence punishable with death or with imprisonment 
for a term which may extend to seven years, or to impute 
unchastely to a woman, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to seven years, or with fine, or with both. 
Criminal 
intimidation by an 
anonymous 
communication. 
Misconduct in 
public by a 
drunken person. 
487. 
488. 
Whoever commits the offence of criminal intimidation by 
an anonymous, communication, or having taken 
precaution to conceal the name or abode of the person 
from whom the threat comes, shall be punished with 
imprisonment of either description for a term which may 
extend to two years, in addition to the punishment 
provided for the offence by the last preceding section. 
Illustration 
A writes an anonymous letter threatening B, and sends it 
to C, living with B, expecting and believing C would 
show the letter to B; A is guilty under this section. 
Whoever, in a state of intoxication, appears in any public 
place or in any place which it is a trespass in him to enter, 
and there conducts himself in such a manner as to cause 
annoyance to any person, shall be punished with simple 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to one month, 
or with fine which may extend to one hundred rupees, or 
with both. 
CHAPTER XXI 
OF UNLAWFUL OATHS 
Administering or 
taking or abetting 
the administering or 
taking of an oath to 
commit an offence. 
489. Whoever administers or causes to be administered, or 
abets the administering or taking of any oath, 
engagement, or obligation in the nature of an oath, 
purporting or intending to bind the person taking the same 
to commit or abet the commitment of any offence, or 
takes any such oath, engagement, or obligation, if the 
offence to which the oath, engagement, or obligation relates 
be punishable with death or imprisonment for twenty years, 
shall be punished with imprisonment of either description 
which may extend to twenty years, or 

with fine, or both, and if the offence is punishable with 
imprisonment for less than twenty years shall be punished 
with such punishment as may be awarded for the offence 
to which such oath, engagement, or obligation relates. 
CHAPTER XXII 
OF ATTEMPTS TO COMMIT OFFENCES 
Punishment for 
attempting to 
commit offences 
punishable with 
imprisonment. 
490. Whoever attempts to commit an offence punishable by 
this Code with imprisonment, or to cause such an offence 
offences to be committed, and in such attempt does any 
act towards the commission of the offence, shall, where 
no express provision is made by this Code for the 
punishment of such attempt, be punished with  
imprisonment of either description provided for the offence, 
for a term which may extend to one-half of the longest term 
provided for that offence, or with such fine as is provided 
for the offence, or with both 
Illustrations 
(a)A makes an attempt to steal some jewels by breaking 
open a box, and finds after so opening the box that 
there is no Jewel in it. He has done an act toward the  
commission of theft, and therefore is guilty under this 
section, 
(b)A makes an attempt to pick the pocket of Z by 
thrusting his hand into Z's pocket. A fails in the 
attempt in consequence of Z having nothing in his 
pocket. A is guilty under this section.