type: statute
title: Penal Code (Ordinance No. 2 of 1883, as amended)

s.294: Culpable homicide. Whoever causes death by doing an act with the
intention of causing death, or with the intention of causing such bodily
injury as is likely to cause death, commits the offence of culpable homicide.

s.296: Culpable homicide amounting to murder. Culpable homicide is murder
where the act is done with the intention of causing death, or with the
intention of causing such bodily injury as the offender knows to be likely
to cause the death of the person to whom the harm is caused.

s.297: Culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Culpable homicide is not
murder when it is committed without premeditation in a sudden fight, or
when the offender is deprived of the power of self-control by grave and
sudden provocation, or when the act is committed in the exercise of the
right of private defence of person or property exceeding the power given
by law.

s.314: Hurt. Whoever causes bodily pain, disease or infirmity to any person
is said to cause hurt.

s.322: Grievous hurt. Hurt is grievous when it causes permanent loss of
sight or hearing, permanent disfigurement, fracture or dislocation of a
bone, or any hurt which endangers life or causes the sufferer to be
during the space of twenty days in severe bodily pain or unable to follow
his ordinary pursuits.

s.324: Voluntarily causing grievous hurt. Whoever voluntarily causes
grievous hurt shall be punished with imprisonment of either description
for a term which may extend to seven years and shall also be liable to
fine.

s.326: Assault. Whoever makes any gesture, or prepares anything, intending
that the gesture or thing shall be used against the person of another, or
knowing it to be likely that it will be so used, commits an assault.

s.327: Criminal force. Whoever intentionally uses force to any person,
without that person's consent, in order to the committing of any offence,
or intending by the use of such force to cause injury, fear or annoyance,
commits the offence of using criminal force.

s.328: Assault or criminal force otherwise than on grave provocation.
Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person otherwise than on
grave and sudden provocation commits a simple offence punishable as
prescribed.

s.363: Rape. A man is said to commit rape who has sexual intercourse with
a woman against her will, without her consent, or with her consent obtained
by fear of death or hurt, or when her consent is obtained by a misconception
of fact.

s.367: Theft. Whoever, intending to take dishonestly any movable property
out of the possession of any person without that person's consent, moves
that property in order to such taking, is said to commit theft.

s.380: Robbery. In all robbery there is either theft or extortion. Theft is
robbery if, in order to the committing of the theft, or in committing it,
or in carrying away or attempting to carry away property obtained by the
theft, the offender voluntarily causes or attempts to cause to any person
death or hurt or wrongful restraint.

s.431: House-trespass by night. Whoever commits house-trespass after sunset
and before sunrise is said to commit house-trespass by night.
